content/reviews/120-bahadur-11.md, before:

+++
title = "120 Bahadur"
date = 2025-11-24T10:55:19+05:30
draft = false
mreviews = ["120 Bahadur"]
critics = ['Arnab Banerjee']
publication = 'The Daily Eye'
subtitle = "A BAttle Remembered Forever"
opening = "120 Bahadur is a powerful war drama that revisits the Battle of Rezang La with emotional authenticity, stellar performances, and immersive visuals."
img = '120-bahadur-11.jpg'
media = 'print'
source = "https://thedailyeye.info/in-the-news/bollywood-a-battle-remembered-forever/881550a52402a612"
score = 6.5
+++

In the last decade, Hindi cinema has witnessed a surge of patriotic historical dramas, each striving to present tales of courage rooted in pivotal moments of India’s past. Within this landscape, 120 Bahadur, directed by Razneesh “Razy” Ghai, sets its sights on one of the most stirring chapters of the 1962 Sino-Indian conflict. Farhan Akhtar steps into the challenging role of Major Shaitan Singh, the charismatic commander whose steadfast leadership during the Battle of Rezang La has long been revered but insufficiently explored on film. The result is a work that marries emotional solemnity with the visceral spectacle of war, aiming to honour a legacy that remains vital to national memory.

Commit message:

Score is now a slice called scores

content/reviews/120-bahadur-11.md, after:

+++
critics = ["Arnab Banerjee"]
date = 2025-11-24T10:55:19+05:30
draft = false
img = "120-bahadur-11.jpg"
media = "print"
mreviews = ["120 Bahadur"]
opening = "120 Bahadur is a powerful war drama that revisits the Battle of Rezang La with emotional authenticity, stellar performances, and immersive visuals."
publication = "The Daily Eye"
scores = [6.5]
source = "https://thedailyeye.info/in-the-news/bollywood-a-battle-remembered-forever/881550a52402a612"
subtitle = "A BAttle Remembered Forever"
title = "120 Bahadur"
+++

In the last decade, Hindi cinema has witnessed a surge of patriotic historical dramas, each striving to present tales of courage rooted in pivotal moments of India’s past. Within this landscape, 120 Bahadur, directed by Razneesh “Razy” Ghai, sets its sights on one of the most stirring chapters of the 1962 Sino-Indian conflict. Farhan Akhtar steps into the challenging role of Major Shaitan Singh, the charismatic commander whose steadfast leadership during the Battle of Rezang La has long been revered but insufficiently explored on film. The result is a work that marries emotional solemnity with the visceral spectacle of war, aiming to honour a legacy that remains vital to national memory.
