content/reviews/28-years-later-the-bone-temple-3.md, before:

+++
title = "28 Years Later: The Bone Temple"
date = 2026-01-19T21:16:22+05:30
draft = false
mreviews = ["28 Years Later: The Bone Temple"]
critics = ['Rahul Desai']
publication = 'OTT Play'
subtitle = "2026 Begins With A Zombie-Cold Masterpiece"
opening = "Nia DaCosta's masterfully written zombie thriller does the unthinkable: it strips the genre of its dangerous flights of fancy, reclaiming the Zombie as a monster of science, not faith."
img = '28-years-later-the-bone-temple-3.png'
media = 'print'
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/28-years-later-the-bone-temple-2026-begins-with-a-zombie-cold-masterpiece/f7ddc29e64436"
score = 8
+++

Nia Dacosta's 28 Years Later: The Bone Temple directly takes off from where Danny Boyle’s 28 Years Later (2025) left off. The setting is quarantined Britain, 28 full years after the Rage Virus — a mutated strain that transformed its victims into hyperaggressive zombie-like creatures — tore through the continent in 28 Days Later (2002). Few humans have survived. Young Spike (Alfie Williams) leaves the sheltered isle after the death of his cancer-riddled mother (Jodie Comer) to “come of age” on his own terms in the zombie-infested mainland. This film opens with him getting roped into the weird ‘gang’ that rescued him at the end of the last film — except they turn out to be a toxic Satanic cult run by a psychopath named Sir Lord Jimmy Crystal (Sinners’ Jack O’Connell). Spike is too scared to escape the Jimmys, a group that spends their days skinning and killing survivors as a sacrifice to the devil. Parallely, a lonely Dr Kelson (Ralph Fiennes), who urged Spike to find his own way, forges an unlikely bond with Samson (Chi Lewis-Parry), the Alpha leader who terrorised them not too long ago. It’s apparent that, at some point, the paths of the iodine-smothered orange-skinned doctor and a Jimmy’d Spike will cross. What’s not apparent is how a post-apocalyptic zombie thriller can be unexpectedly funny and profound at once: not spoofy-Shaun of the Dead funny, more like Tarantino-Spike-Lee-revisionism funny.

Commit message:

Score is now a slice called scores

content/reviews/28-years-later-the-bone-temple-3.md, after:

+++
critics = ["Rahul Desai"]
date = 2026-01-19T21:16:22+05:30
draft = false
img = "28-years-later-the-bone-temple-3.png"
media = "print"
mreviews = ["28 Years Later: The Bone Temple"]
opening = "Nia DaCosta's masterfully written zombie thriller does the unthinkable: it strips the genre of its dangerous flights of fancy, reclaiming the Zombie as a monster of science, not faith."
publication = "OTT Play"
scores = [8]
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/28-years-later-the-bone-temple-2026-begins-with-a-zombie-cold-masterpiece/f7ddc29e64436"
subtitle = "2026 Begins With A Zombie-Cold Masterpiece"
title = "28 Years Later: The Bone Temple"
+++

Nia Dacosta's 28 Years Later: The Bone Temple directly takes off from where Danny Boyle’s 28 Years Later (2025) left off. The setting is quarantined Britain, 28 full years after the Rage Virus — a mutated strain that transformed its victims into hyperaggressive zombie-like creatures — tore through the continent in 28 Days Later (2002). Few humans have survived. Young Spike (Alfie Williams) leaves the sheltered isle after the death of his cancer-riddled mother (Jodie Comer) to “come of age” on his own terms in the zombie-infested mainland. This film opens with him getting roped into the weird ‘gang’ that rescued him at the end of the last film — except they turn out to be a toxic Satanic cult run by a psychopath named Sir Lord Jimmy Crystal (Sinners’ Jack O’Connell). Spike is too scared to escape the Jimmys, a group that spends their days skinning and killing survivors as a sacrifice to the devil. Parallely, a lonely Dr Kelson (Ralph Fiennes), who urged Spike to find his own way, forges an unlikely bond with Samson (Chi Lewis-Parry), the Alpha leader who terrorised them not too long ago. It’s apparent that, at some point, the paths of the iodine-smothered orange-skinned doctor and a Jimmy’d Spike will cross. What’s not apparent is how a post-apocalyptic zombie thriller can be unexpectedly funny and profound at once: not spoofy-Shaun of the Dead funny, more like Tarantino-Spike-Lee-revisionism funny.
