content/reviews/aap-jaisa-koi-10.md, before:

+++
title = "Aap Jaisa Koi"
date = 2025-07-12T09:32:37+05:30
draft = false
mreviews = ["Aap Jaisa Koi"]
critics = ['Ishita Sengupta']
publication = 'OTT Play'
subtitle = "Leave Bengalis Alone"
opening = "With Vivek Soni’s directorial feature Aap Jaisa Koi, both Dharma and Netflix (the streamer) operate on the lowest level of creativity. It unfolds as a masterclass in vacuity."
img = 'aap-jaisa-koi-10.png'
media = 'print'
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/aap-jaisa-koi-r-madhavan-fatima-sana-shaikh-leave-bengalis-alone/0cd0e18411174"
score = 5
+++

Success improves most things except Hindi cinema. Past proves that acceptance of a certain kind of film often spawns inferior versions of the same. Many are guilty, but perhaps none more than Dharma, the production company that has made a business model out of a single premise: youth sparring with age. In Kabhi Khushi Kabhie Gham (2001), filmmaker Karan Johar, also the co-owner of Dharma, played with traditional trappings as a young man resisted parental pressure without standing up against it. Success followed, and so did similar iterations; in 2023, he fortified the defiance of young love in Rocky Aur Rani Kii Prem Kahaani (2023) and two years later, his banner has bankrolled Aap Jaisa Koi, a shell of a film that is all framing. The point of contention remains the same: tradition holds the sword to love. But Vivek Soni’s film is also generously influenced by Rocky Rani, and as a result, the discord comprises as much old order stacked against new as the new carrying the vestige of the old. And, yet again, women and the Bengali community (I will circle back to this) shoulder the responsibility for the moral rehabilitation of the men.

Commit message:

Score is now a slice called scores

content/reviews/aap-jaisa-koi-10.md, after:

+++
critics = ["Ishita Sengupta"]
date = 2025-07-12T09:32:37+05:30
draft = false
img = "aap-jaisa-koi-10.png"
media = "print"
mreviews = ["Aap Jaisa Koi"]
opening = "With Vivek Soni’s directorial feature Aap Jaisa Koi, both Dharma and Netflix (the streamer) operate on the lowest level of creativity. It unfolds as a masterclass in vacuity."
publication = "OTT Play"
scores = [5]
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/aap-jaisa-koi-r-madhavan-fatima-sana-shaikh-leave-bengalis-alone/0cd0e18411174"
subtitle = "Leave Bengalis Alone"
title = "Aap Jaisa Koi"
+++

Success improves most things except Hindi cinema. Past proves that acceptance of a certain kind of film often spawns inferior versions of the same. Many are guilty, but perhaps none more than Dharma, the production company that has made a business model out of a single premise: youth sparring with age. In Kabhi Khushi Kabhie Gham (2001), filmmaker Karan Johar, also the co-owner of Dharma, played with traditional trappings as a young man resisted parental pressure without standing up against it. Success followed, and so did similar iterations; in 2023, he fortified the defiance of young love in Rocky Aur Rani Kii Prem Kahaani (2023) and two years later, his banner has bankrolled Aap Jaisa Koi, a shell of a film that is all framing. The point of contention remains the same: tradition holds the sword to love. But Vivek Soni’s film is also generously influenced by Rocky Rani, and as a result, the discord comprises as much old order stacked against new as the new carrying the vestige of the old. And, yet again, women and the Bengali community (I will circle back to this) shoulder the responsibility for the moral rehabilitation of the men.
