content/reviews/alappuzha-gymkhana-3.md, before:

+++
title = "Alappuzha Gymkhana"
date = 2025-04-12T15:00:24+05:30
draft = false
mreviews = ["Alappuzha Gymkhana"]
critics = ['Aditya Shrikrishna']
publication = 'OTT Play'
subtitle = "A Crisis Of Misplaced Confidence"
opening = "Khalid Rahman’s film operates in that peculiar age where nothing appears serious, everything is bound in levity, and life is what one makes of it."
img = 'alappuzha-gymkhana-3.webp'
media = 'print'
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/alappuzha-gymkhana-khalid-rahman-naslen-film-a-crisis-of-misplaced-confidence/305e2b3b5f242"
score = 7
+++

They say all you need is love, but sometimes misplaced confidence can go a long way. It is a gift. It might come across as awkward or arrogant or both. It might make one look like an asshole or, worse, foolish. Sometimes the audacity is rewarding, and the reckless abandon can often lead to a hard fall. The very definition of misplaced is such that one cannot predict its outcome or reception. But it is indeed a gift, and goes a long way. It reveals that there was an attempt. That someone took a shot. That no matter what Yoda says, there is always a try. One didn’t simply walk away quietly. One refused submission.

Commit message:

Score is now a slice called scores

content/reviews/alappuzha-gymkhana-3.md, after:

+++
critics = ["Aditya Shrikrishna"]
date = 2025-04-12T15:00:24+05:30
draft = false
img = "alappuzha-gymkhana-3.webp"
media = "print"
mreviews = ["Alappuzha Gymkhana"]
opening = "Khalid Rahman’s film operates in that peculiar age where nothing appears serious, everything is bound in levity, and life is what one makes of it."
publication = "OTT Play"
scores = [7]
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/alappuzha-gymkhana-khalid-rahman-naslen-film-a-crisis-of-misplaced-confidence/305e2b3b5f242"
subtitle = "A Crisis Of Misplaced Confidence"
title = "Alappuzha Gymkhana"
+++

They say all you need is love, but sometimes misplaced confidence can go a long way. It is a gift. It might come across as awkward or arrogant or both. It might make one look like an asshole or, worse, foolish. Sometimes the audacity is rewarding, and the reckless abandon can often lead to a hard fall. The very definition of misplaced is such that one cannot predict its outcome or reception. But it is indeed a gift, and goes a long way. It reveals that there was an attempt. That someone took a shot. That no matter what Yoda says, there is always a try. One didn’t simply walk away quietly. One refused submission.
