content/reviews/all-we-imagine-as-light-6.md, before:

+++
title = 'All We Imagine as Light'
date = 2024-11-26T08:39:39+05:30
draft = false
mreviews = ['All We Imagine as Light']
critics = ['Ishita Sengupta']
publication = 'OTT Play'
subtitle = "A Moving Ode To Mumbai & Sisterhood"
opening = "Payal Kapadia's All We Imagine as Light is one of those life-altering gems that is transcendental and a moving memoir of mundane, transformative and a crushing reiteration of community sustenance."
img = 'all-we-imagine-as-light-6.png'
media = 'print'
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/all-we-imagine-as-light-payal-kapadia-film-moving-ode-to-mumbai-sisterhood/cb9a47bb68175"
score = 10
+++

Three women, monsoon and a severe city. If Payal Kapadia’s iridescent All We Imagine as Light was a novel, there would be dried flowers stuck between its pages. Since it is a film, the intangible feeling is imbued with visual tactility. It is present in the way Prabha (Kani Kusruti), a middle-aged woman, holds a totem of cold technology within the warmth of her embrace. It is embossed on the face of Parvaty (Chhaya Kadam), a woman in the middle of a crisis, as she listens to a fiery political speech about reclaiming what is hers. And it drips from the text messages a young Anu (Divya Prabha) sends to her lover: “I am sending you kisses through the clouds so that when it rains my kisses touch your lips.” Kapadia’s film is suffused with such ache that if you extend your hand you can touch it.

Yet the texture varies. If Prabha yearns for the lightness of physical touch, Anu is only waking up to its rousing effect. If the former pines for company then the latter’s eyes dart for privacy. The contradictory nature of their desires are telling of the distinct personalities. Prabha, the older between the two, is married but the relationship is as good as absent. She had little say in the matter and none in the way things unfolded since. Her husband works in Germany and hasn't called in a year. Anu, on the other hand, cannot imagine leading a life decided by someone else. Her parents send pictures of men from matrimony sites which she dismisses with an incredulous laugh of certainty. They are not who she wants and she knows that.

Commit message:

Score is now a slice called scores

content/reviews/all-we-imagine-as-light-6.md, after:

+++
critics = ["Ishita Sengupta"]
date = 2024-11-26T08:39:39+05:30
draft = false
img = "all-we-imagine-as-light-6.png"
media = "print"
mreviews = ["All We Imagine as Light"]
opening = "Payal Kapadia's All We Imagine as Light is one of those life-altering gems that is transcendental and a moving memoir of mundane, transformative and a crushing reiteration of community sustenance."
publication = "OTT Play"
scores = [10]
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/all-we-imagine-as-light-payal-kapadia-film-moving-ode-to-mumbai-sisterhood/cb9a47bb68175"
subtitle = "A Moving Ode To Mumbai & Sisterhood"
title = "All We Imagine as Light"
+++

Three women, monsoon and a severe city. If Payal Kapadia’s iridescent All We Imagine as Light was a novel, there would be dried flowers stuck between its pages. Since it is a film, the intangible feeling is imbued with visual tactility. It is present in the way Prabha (Kani Kusruti), a middle-aged woman, holds a totem of cold technology within the warmth of her embrace. It is embossed on the face of Parvaty (Chhaya Kadam), a woman in the middle of a crisis, as she listens to a fiery political speech about reclaiming what is hers. And it drips from the text messages a young Anu (Divya Prabha) sends to her lover: “I am sending you kisses through the clouds so that when it rains my kisses touch your lips.” Kapadia’s film is suffused with such ache that if you extend your hand you can touch it.

Yet the texture varies. If Prabha yearns for the lightness of physical touch, Anu is only waking up to its rousing effect. If the former pines for company then the latter’s eyes dart for privacy. The contradictory nature of their desires are telling of the distinct personalities. Prabha, the older between the two, is married but the relationship is as good as absent. She had little say in the matter and none in the way things unfolded since. Her husband works in Germany and hasn't called in a year. Anu, on the other hand, cannot imagine leading a life decided by someone else. Her parents send pictures of men from matrimony sites which she dismisses with an incredulous laugh of certainty. They are not who she wants and she knows that.
