content/reviews/angry-young-men.md, before:

+++
title = 'Angry Young Men'
date = 2024-10-14T09:09:24+05:30
draft = false
mreviews = ['Angry Young Men']
critics = ['Suparna Sharma']
subtitle = 'An entertaining home video that mollycoddles Salim-Javed duo'
opening = 'Salim Khan, 88, and Javed Akhtar, 79, are the stars of this multi-starrer'
img = 'angry-young-men.jpg'
media = 'print'
source = 'https://www.theweek.in/review/movies/2024/08/20/angry-young-men-an-entertaining-home-video-that-mollycoddles-salim-javed-duo.html'
score = 6
+++

Angry Young Men, a three-part series directed by Namrata Rao, is crafted like the many Bollywood blockbusters that its protagonists — Salim Khan and Javed Akhtar — wrote together. Starring their wives, children, colleagues, friends and fans, the series is devoted to not just telling the story of a very successful and almost epochal collaboration, but also to cast them as the best writers Indian cinema has ever had.

That Salim-Javed were a formidable, talented pair who demanded and ensured that writers are treated with respect and given their due credit is undeniable. That their films gave at least two generations of Indians a role model, a hero to worship and emulate — even if he was angry and problematic with severe mummy-daddy issues — is a fact. But, to say that they were and still are the best writers Indian cinema has ever had is a bogus claim. Or to say that the films made on their stories were box-office hits only because of their writing is the sort of tall tales kids tell to establish, "My daddy is the greatest".

Commit message:

Score is now a slice called scores

content/reviews/angry-young-men.md, after:

+++
critics = ["Suparna Sharma"]
date = 2024-10-14T09:09:24+05:30
draft = false
img = "angry-young-men.jpg"
media = "print"
mreviews = ["Angry Young Men"]
opening = "Salim Khan, 88, and Javed Akhtar, 79, are the stars of this multi-starrer"
scores = [6]
source = "https://www.theweek.in/review/movies/2024/08/20/angry-young-men-an-entertaining-home-video-that-mollycoddles-salim-javed-duo.html"
subtitle = "An entertaining home video that mollycoddles Salim-Javed duo"
title = "Angry Young Men"
+++

Angry Young Men, a three-part series directed by Namrata Rao, is crafted like the many Bollywood blockbusters that its protagonists — Salim Khan and Javed Akhtar — wrote together. Starring their wives, children, colleagues, friends and fans, the series is devoted to not just telling the story of a very successful and almost epochal collaboration, but also to cast them as the best writers Indian cinema has ever had.

That Salim-Javed were a formidable, talented pair who demanded and ensured that writers are treated with respect and given their due credit is undeniable. That their films gave at least two generations of Indians a role model, a hero to worship and emulate — even if he was angry and problematic with severe mummy-daddy issues — is a fact. But, to say that they were and still are the best writers Indian cinema has ever had is a bogus claim. Or to say that the films made on their stories were box-office hits only because of their writing is the sort of tall tales kids tell to establish, "My daddy is the greatest".
