content/reviews/avatar-fire-and-ash-9.md, before:

+++
title = "Avatar: Fire and Ash"
date = 2025-12-20T17:44:45+05:30
draft = false
mreviews = ["Avatar: Fire and Ash"]
critics = ['Rahul Desai']
publication = 'OTT Play'
subtitle = "Wake Me Up When Pandora Ends"
opening = "James Cameron commits to his vision so hard and for so long, like a character from Inception who’s missed the kick only to get stuck in limbo on a deeper dream level. There is no way out now."
img = 'avatar-fire-and-ash-9.webp'
media = 'print'
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/avatar-fire-and-ash-wake-me-up-when-pandora-ends/ab1957c415910"
score = 3
+++

Rarely have I seen so much used to achieve so very little. Unless you count the US invasion of Iraq — which, in the Avatar universe, would amount to cocky American soldiers looking for an excuse to plunder a mineral-rich planet after destroying their own. I want to say “empty spectacle”, but to be honest, Avatar: Fire and Ash is not much of a spectacle either. Spectacles do more than just look vast and technically proficient and convoluted and greedy in 2025; they do more than just go round and round and round in the painstaking and now-dated worlds they’ve built; they do more than employ disorienting 3D motion-smoothing effects to impress the fans rather than express the stakes; they do more than take two decades of technological advancements and old-fashioned originality only to end up feeling precisely like those superhero overkills they were once an antidote to; they do more than be a legacy of groundbreaking CGI; they do more than do more. James Cameron has made a career out of dreaming big and heavy, but with this third Avatar film, he’s a bit like that mad scientist who gets so obsessed with creating and reinventing that he bypasses the basic essence of the medium.

Commit message:

Score is now a slice called scores

content/reviews/avatar-fire-and-ash-9.md, after:

+++
critics = ["Rahul Desai"]
date = 2025-12-20T17:44:45+05:30
draft = false
img = "avatar-fire-and-ash-9.webp"
media = "print"
mreviews = ["Avatar: Fire and Ash"]
opening = "James Cameron commits to his vision so hard and for so long, like a character from Inception who’s missed the kick only to get stuck in limbo on a deeper dream level. There is no way out now."
publication = "OTT Play"
scores = [3]
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/avatar-fire-and-ash-wake-me-up-when-pandora-ends/ab1957c415910"
subtitle = "Wake Me Up When Pandora Ends"
title = "Avatar: Fire and Ash"
+++

Rarely have I seen so much used to achieve so very little. Unless you count the US invasion of Iraq — which, in the Avatar universe, would amount to cocky American soldiers looking for an excuse to plunder a mineral-rich planet after destroying their own. I want to say “empty spectacle”, but to be honest, Avatar: Fire and Ash is not much of a spectacle either. Spectacles do more than just look vast and technically proficient and convoluted and greedy in 2025; they do more than just go round and round and round in the painstaking and now-dated worlds they’ve built; they do more than employ disorienting 3D motion-smoothing effects to impress the fans rather than express the stakes; they do more than take two decades of technological advancements and old-fashioned originality only to end up feeling precisely like those superhero overkills they were once an antidote to; they do more than be a legacy of groundbreaking CGI; they do more than do more. James Cameron has made a career out of dreaming big and heavy, but with this third Avatar film, he’s a bit like that mad scientist who gets so obsessed with creating and reinventing that he bypasses the basic essence of the medium.
