content/reviews/avatar-fire-and-ash-8.md, before:

+++
title = "Avatar: Fire and Ash"
date = 2025-12-20T17:36:36+05:30
draft = false
mreviews = ["Avatar: Fire and Ash"]
critics = ['Kirubhakar Purushothaman']
publication = 'The Federal'
subtitle = "James Cameron’s big strokes leave little room for nuance"
opening = "James Cameron’s third film in the sci-fi franchise dazzles on the surface, but history keeps repeating itself — right down to the tropes, the arcs, and the messages — all delivered with more spectacle than novelty"
img = 'avatar-fire-and-ash-8.webp'
media = 'print'
source = "https://thefederal.com/film-reviews/avatar-fire-and-ash-movie-review-james-cameron-sam-worthington-sci-fi-franchise-221522"
score = 6
+++

James Cameron’s Avatar: Fire and Ash picks up things where the second part, Avatar: The Way of Water, left us. Lo’ak (Britain Dalton), the second son of Jake Sully (Sam Worthington) and Neytiri (Zoe Saldana), is ridden with the guilt of being the reason for the death of his elder brother Neteyam (Jamie Flatters). Even Sully seems to blame him for the loss; he even spells it out, giving the necessary redemption arc to Lo’ak, who continues to defy orders — just like his father from the first part.

Commit message:

Score is now a slice called scores

content/reviews/avatar-fire-and-ash-8.md, after:

+++
critics = ["Kirubhakar Purushothaman"]
date = 2025-12-20T17:36:36+05:30
draft = false
img = "avatar-fire-and-ash-8.webp"
media = "print"
mreviews = ["Avatar: Fire and Ash"]
opening = "James Cameron’s third film in the sci-fi franchise dazzles on the surface, but history keeps repeating itself — right down to the tropes, the arcs, and the messages — all delivered with more spectacle than novelty"
publication = "The Federal"
scores = [6]
source = "https://thefederal.com/film-reviews/avatar-fire-and-ash-movie-review-james-cameron-sam-worthington-sci-fi-franchise-221522"
subtitle = "James Cameron’s big strokes leave little room for nuance"
title = "Avatar: Fire and Ash"
+++

James Cameron’s Avatar: Fire and Ash picks up things where the second part, Avatar: The Way of Water, left us. Lo’ak (Britain Dalton), the second son of Jake Sully (Sam Worthington) and Neytiri (Zoe Saldana), is ridden with the guilt of being the reason for the death of his elder brother Neteyam (Jamie Flatters). Even Sully seems to blame him for the loss; he even spells it out, giving the necessary redemption arc to Lo’ak, who continues to defy orders — just like his father from the first part.
