content/reviews/avihitham-3.md, before:

+++
title = "Avihitham"
date = 2025-10-19T08:06:41+05:30
draft = false
mreviews = ["Avihitham"]
critics = ['Subha J Rao']
publication = 'Made in Mangalore'
subtitle = "Of furtive love, and the obvious lack of it"
opening = "Senna Hegde’s movie on adultery and what it does to a village is a wonderful masterclass on male ego, voyeurism and hypocrisy."
img = 'avihitham-3.webp'
media = 'print'
source = "https://subhajrao.wordpress.com/2025/10/18/avihitham-movie-review-of-furtive-love-and-the-obvious-lack-of-it/"
score = 8
+++

There are many things women in India are terrified of, and with good reason. Walking on a lonely road after dark, being a lone female traveller in a bus, checking and double checking the surroundings before opening one’s car door, checking the bathrooms in public places for hidden cameras, verifying if hotel rooms are safe, if trial rooms are safe, if online chats are safe… in every single place, a woman is reduced to her body, and her individuality erased. Senna Hegde’s delightful yet punch-to-the-gut Avihitham (translates into illicit) adds one more to the list — a male tailor proudly claims he can size up a woman’s chest, waist and hip just by seeing her. Thanks sir, one more thing to be very afraid about.

Commit message:

Score is now a slice called scores

content/reviews/avihitham-3.md, after:

+++
critics = ["Subha J Rao"]
date = 2025-10-19T08:06:41+05:30
draft = false
img = "avihitham-3.webp"
media = "print"
mreviews = ["Avihitham"]
opening = "Senna Hegde’s movie on adultery and what it does to a village is a wonderful masterclass on male ego, voyeurism and hypocrisy."
publication = "Made in Mangalore"
scores = [8]
source = "https://subhajrao.wordpress.com/2025/10/18/avihitham-movie-review-of-furtive-love-and-the-obvious-lack-of-it/"
subtitle = "Of furtive love, and the obvious lack of it"
title = "Avihitham"
+++

There are many things women in India are terrified of, and with good reason. Walking on a lonely road after dark, being a lone female traveller in a bus, checking and double checking the surroundings before opening one’s car door, checking the bathrooms in public places for hidden cameras, verifying if hotel rooms are safe, if trial rooms are safe, if online chats are safe… in every single place, a woman is reduced to her body, and her individuality erased. Senna Hegde’s delightful yet punch-to-the-gut Avihitham (translates into illicit) adds one more to the list — a male tailor proudly claims he can size up a woman’s chest, waist and hip just by seeing her. Thanks sir, one more thing to be very afraid about.
