content/reviews/baramulla-7.md, before:

+++
title = "Baramulla"
date = 2025-11-11T19:35:21+05:30
draft = false
mreviews = ["Baramulla"]
critics = ['Ishita Sengupta']
publication = 'OTT Play'
subtitle = "Baramulla Is An Effectively Misleading Supernatural Film"
opening = "Leaning on the supernatural, Baramulla is propagandist in intent but structured in gripping filmmaking. This distils the seductive craft and the dangers of an Aditya Dhar film."
img = 'baramulla-7.png'
media = 'print'
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/baramulla-is-an-effectively-misleading-supernatural-film/2bbf443b4f365"
score = 4
+++

There is something called an Aditya Dhar film. The emphasis might feel odd, given that he has directed only one feature till now, and the second is waiting in the wings. But the projects he has been involved in the capacity of a writer and producer, most notably Article 370 (2024), bear the distinct stamp of his filmmaking. Tenets of this include compelling set pieces, imposing artistry, and bigoted politics. In Baramulla, the latest film he has bankrolled, all these are heightened to greater, more dangerous heights.

Commit message:

Score is now a slice called scores

content/reviews/baramulla-7.md, after:

+++
critics = ["Ishita Sengupta"]
date = 2025-11-11T19:35:21+05:30
draft = false
img = "baramulla-7.png"
media = "print"
mreviews = ["Baramulla"]
opening = "Leaning on the supernatural, Baramulla is propagandist in intent but structured in gripping filmmaking. This distils the seductive craft and the dangers of an Aditya Dhar film."
publication = "OTT Play"
scores = [4]
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/baramulla-is-an-effectively-misleading-supernatural-film/2bbf443b4f365"
subtitle = "Baramulla Is An Effectively Misleading Supernatural Film"
title = "Baramulla"
+++

There is something called an Aditya Dhar film. The emphasis might feel odd, given that he has directed only one feature till now, and the second is waiting in the wings. But the projects he has been involved in the capacity of a writer and producer, most notably Article 370 (2024), bear the distinct stamp of his filmmaking. Tenets of this include compelling set pieces, imposing artistry, and bigoted politics. In Baramulla, the latest film he has bankrolled, all these are heightened to greater, more dangerous heights.
