content/reviews/bhagwat-chapter-one:-raakshas-6.md, before:

+++
title = "Bhagwat Chapter One: Raakshas"
date = 2025-10-24T18:35:49+05:30
draft = false
mreviews = ["Bhagwat Chapter One: Raakshas"]
critics = ['Ishita Sengupta']
publication = 'OTT Play'
subtitle = "An Effective Police Procedural"
opening = "Bhagwat might come across as a reiteration of familiar tropes in the digital space, but the film, within its finite runtime, treats them with care and proves to be no less effective than the rest."
img = 'bhagwat-chapter-one-raakshas-6.webp'
media = 'print'
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/bhagwat-chapter-one-raakshas-arshad-warsi-jitendra-kumar-is-an-effective-police-procedural/4feee69194557"
score = 6.5
+++

Police Procedurals in Hindi films tend to follow a pattern. The gritty undersides of the crime are portrayed in alliance with the heroic arc of the law keeper. The more horrific the crime, the more elevated is the heroism of the officer. On paper, Bhagwat Chapter One: Raakshas is primed to be another reiteration. A troubled police officer is faced with an elusive killer as one case knots to another. Yet, Akshay Shere’s feature film sidesteps histrionics to unfold as a sobering depiction of society in tandem with the potency of law.

Commit message:

Score is now a slice called scores

content/reviews/bhagwat-chapter-one:-raakshas-6.md, after:

+++
critics = ["Ishita Sengupta"]
date = 2025-10-24T18:35:49+05:30
draft = false
img = "bhagwat-chapter-one-raakshas-6.webp"
media = "print"
mreviews = ["Bhagwat Chapter One: Raakshas"]
opening = "Bhagwat might come across as a reiteration of familiar tropes in the digital space, but the film, within its finite runtime, treats them with care and proves to be no less effective than the rest."
publication = "OTT Play"
scores = [6.5]
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/bhagwat-chapter-one-raakshas-arshad-warsi-jitendra-kumar-is-an-effective-police-procedural/4feee69194557"
subtitle = "An Effective Police Procedural"
title = "Bhagwat Chapter One: Raakshas"
+++

Police Procedurals in Hindi films tend to follow a pattern. The gritty undersides of the crime are portrayed in alliance with the heroic arc of the law keeper. The more horrific the crime, the more elevated is the heroism of the officer. On paper, Bhagwat Chapter One: Raakshas is primed to be another reiteration. A troubled police officer is faced with an elusive killer as one case knots to another. Yet, Akshay Shere’s feature film sidesteps histrionics to unfold as a sobering depiction of society in tandem with the potency of law.
