content/reviews/bison-kaalamaadan-4.md, before:

+++
title = "Bison Kaalamaadan"
date = 2025-10-18T15:38:53+05:30
draft = false
mreviews = ["Bison Kaalamaadan"]
critics = ['Subha J Rao']
publication = 'OTT Play'
subtitle = "Mari Selvaraj Crafts A Rousing Tale Of A Boy Who Runs From Strife Into Sport"
opening = "Selvaraj stages Bison as a tale of rising above oppression, a peek into the human condition, the role of a family unit, and how everyone is made up of various shades from white to grey and black."
img = 'bison-kaalamaadan-4.webp'
media = 'print'
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/bison-kaalamaadan-mari-selvaraj-dhruv-vikram-rousing-tale-of-bot-who-runs-from-strife-into-sport/6ae3045820359"
score = 7.5
+++

I can't remember the last time leaders of two opposing factions in a film spoke about the futility of their struggle and its relevance with more muddled honesty than in Mari Selvaraj’s Bison Kaalamadan. It helps that the leaders are played by Ameer (Pandiaraja) and Lal (Kandasamy), artists whose faces and voices convey honest anger and built-up fury, but also wander into areas filled with doubt. This makes them very non-leader-like and utterly human. This ability of Mari’s to question his own character is one of his defining traits.

Commit message:

Score is now a slice called scores

content/reviews/bison-kaalamaadan-4.md, after:

+++
critics = ["Subha J Rao"]
date = 2025-10-18T15:38:53+05:30
draft = false
img = "bison-kaalamaadan-4.webp"
media = "print"
mreviews = ["Bison Kaalamaadan"]
opening = "Selvaraj stages Bison as a tale of rising above oppression, a peek into the human condition, the role of a family unit, and how everyone is made up of various shades from white to grey and black."
publication = "OTT Play"
scores = [7.5]
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/bison-kaalamaadan-mari-selvaraj-dhruv-vikram-rousing-tale-of-bot-who-runs-from-strife-into-sport/6ae3045820359"
subtitle = "Mari Selvaraj Crafts A Rousing Tale Of A Boy Who Runs From Strife Into Sport"
title = "Bison Kaalamaadan"
+++

I can't remember the last time leaders of two opposing factions in a film spoke about the futility of their struggle and its relevance with more muddled honesty than in Mari Selvaraj’s Bison Kaalamadan. It helps that the leaders are played by Ameer (Pandiaraja) and Lal (Kandasamy), artists whose faces and voices convey honest anger and built-up fury, but also wander into areas filled with doubt. This makes them very non-leader-like and utterly human. This ability of Mari’s to question his own character is one of his defining traits.
