content/reviews/black.md, before:

+++
title = 'Black'
date = 2024-10-13T00:04:36+05:30
draft = false
mreviews = ['Black']
critics = ['Avinash Ramachandran']
subtitle = 'Jiiva, Priya Bhavanishankar shine in a gripping, intriguing melange of genres'
opening = 'Powered by compelling performances and a strong technical team, director KG Balasubramani presents to us a very knotty affair, and does a decent job of unravelling it all.'
img = 'black.png'
media = 'print'
source = 'https://indianexpress.com/article/entertainment/movie-review/black-movie-review-jiiva-priya-bhavanishankar-shine-in-a-gripping-intriguing-melange-of-genres-9615564/'
score = 7
+++

The best part of Black is how it reels you in right in the first ten minutes. The film starts in 1964. There is a couple eloping with the help of a friend (Vivek Prasanna). It is raining like crazy. Their journey is briefly interrupted by a vehicle in the ditch. This vehicle carries a marble statue of a guardian angel. There is thunder and lightning. Soon enough, this friend, who has sinister intentions, hears two gunshots. He rushes in to ask the couple what happened? Cut to black. Literally. The title credits pop up, and we are in 2024.

Now, the stage is set with the right amount of intrigue because, of course, you know this prologue will have a payoff. But before that, we have to be introduced to the protagonists of the present — Vasanth and Aaranya. If the opening of the 1964 phase was sinister in its setting, the 2024 timeline begins with Vasanth being interrogated by the cops over the disappearance of his wife, Aaranya. When the cop (Yog Japee) asks what happened to his wife, Vasanth simply says, “I don’t know how to make you understand.” The film cuts to the brief introduction to the lives of Vasanth and Aaranya, their relationship, a bar fight, two songs, a lead to the reason for them to leave the safe confines of their city house to suddenly be the only inhabitants of a row of beach villas, the first power cut, the static electricity, random occurrences, and bam! we are back to the police station in no time. Director KG Balasubramani presents to us a very knotty affair in Black, and tries to neatly unravel it all by the time the end credits pop up.

Commit message:

Score is now a slice called scores

content/reviews/black.md, after:

+++
critics = ["Avinash Ramachandran"]
date = 2024-10-13T00:04:36+05:30
draft = false
img = "black.png"
media = "print"
mreviews = ["Black"]
opening = "Powered by compelling performances and a strong technical team, director KG Balasubramani presents to us a very knotty affair, and does a decent job of unravelling it all."
scores = [7]
source = "https://indianexpress.com/article/entertainment/movie-review/black-movie-review-jiiva-priya-bhavanishankar-shine-in-a-gripping-intriguing-melange-of-genres-9615564/"
subtitle = "Jiiva, Priya Bhavanishankar shine in a gripping, intriguing melange of genres"
title = "Black"
+++

The best part of Black is how it reels you in right in the first ten minutes. The film starts in 1964. There is a couple eloping with the help of a friend (Vivek Prasanna). It is raining like crazy. Their journey is briefly interrupted by a vehicle in the ditch. This vehicle carries a marble statue of a guardian angel. There is thunder and lightning. Soon enough, this friend, who has sinister intentions, hears two gunshots. He rushes in to ask the couple what happened? Cut to black. Literally. The title credits pop up, and we are in 2024.

Now, the stage is set with the right amount of intrigue because, of course, you know this prologue will have a payoff. But before that, we have to be introduced to the protagonists of the present — Vasanth and Aaranya. If the opening of the 1964 phase was sinister in its setting, the 2024 timeline begins with Vasanth being interrogated by the cops over the disappearance of his wife, Aaranya. When the cop (Yog Japee) asks what happened to his wife, Vasanth simply says, “I don’t know how to make you understand.” The film cuts to the brief introduction to the lives of Vasanth and Aaranya, their relationship, a bar fight, two songs, a lead to the reason for them to leave the safe confines of their city house to suddenly be the only inhabitants of a row of beach villas, the first power cut, the static electricity, random occurrences, and bam! we are back to the police station in no time. Director KG Balasubramani presents to us a very knotty affair in Black, and tries to neatly unravel it all by the time the end credits pop up.
