content/reviews/black-bag.md, before:

+++
title = "Black Bag"
date = 2025-03-29T10:03:48+05:30
draft = false
mreviews = ["Black Bag"]
critics = ['Rahul Desai']
publication = 'OTT Play'
subtitle = "A Love Story By Steven Soderbergh"
opening = "In Soderbergh's London-set spy thriller, the very concept of espionage becomes a parable for the devaluation of trust in modern-day relationships."
img = 'black-bag.png'
media = 'print'
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/black-bag-michael-fassbender-cate-blanchett-love-story-by-steven-soderbergh/caee99a23a809"
score = 8
+++

Some of the sexiest thrillers aren’t about the plot. They invite the viewer to slice through a perfectly sculpted body—not murderously, of course—and try to find a tiny, beating heart within. The sleekness of the body matters. And perhaps no contemporary filmmaker encourages such surgical eroticism more than Steven Soderbergh. His movies are so wildly watchable — even when they’re not great — because the style itself is the substance. Black Bag is perhaps his most complete work in a decade; it’s a London-set spy thriller where the very concept of espionage becomes a parable for the devaluation of trust in modern-day relationships. Soderbergh and writer David Koepp don’t come at it from a nostalgic back-in-our-day space. If anything, they fetishise what it takes to keep a tradition alive in an institution that’s rigged against the anatomy of faith. The framework is clever. The film revolves around a cold-blooded British intelligence agent, George (Michael Fassbender), who must investigate a top-secret leak and find the traitor among his colleagues. The details are not important; let’s just say there’s the standard threat of a nuclear meltdown and dissolved governments. One of the five suspects, however, is Kathryn (Cate Blanchett), his wife and fellow intelligence agent. George and Kathryn are kind of an urban legend in the spy world — not because they’re excellent at what they do, but because they’re married and intensely committed to each other in a vocation that requires duplicity, roleplay and moral ambiguity. They’re a social anomaly, so much so that a dinner invite to their home feels like a “visit to our parents”. It’s a marriage so solid that when George goes up to Kathryn’s floor, everyone in her meeting (including her superior) automatically pauses — you can almost hear the mental eyerolls in the room. They’re used to it.

Commit message:

Score is now a slice called scores

content/reviews/black-bag.md, after:

+++
critics = ["Rahul Desai"]
date = 2025-03-29T10:03:48+05:30
draft = false
img = "black-bag.png"
media = "print"
mreviews = ["Black Bag"]
opening = "In Soderbergh's London-set spy thriller, the very concept of espionage becomes a parable for the devaluation of trust in modern-day relationships."
publication = "OTT Play"
scores = [8]
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/black-bag-michael-fassbender-cate-blanchett-love-story-by-steven-soderbergh/caee99a23a809"
subtitle = "A Love Story By Steven Soderbergh"
title = "Black Bag"
+++

Some of the sexiest thrillers aren’t about the plot. They invite the viewer to slice through a perfectly sculpted body—not murderously, of course—and try to find a tiny, beating heart within. The sleekness of the body matters. And perhaps no contemporary filmmaker encourages such surgical eroticism more than Steven Soderbergh. His movies are so wildly watchable — even when they’re not great — because the style itself is the substance. Black Bag is perhaps his most complete work in a decade; it’s a London-set spy thriller where the very concept of espionage becomes a parable for the devaluation of trust in modern-day relationships. Soderbergh and writer David Koepp don’t come at it from a nostalgic back-in-our-day space. If anything, they fetishise what it takes to keep a tradition alive in an institution that’s rigged against the anatomy of faith. The framework is clever. The film revolves around a cold-blooded British intelligence agent, George (Michael Fassbender), who must investigate a top-secret leak and find the traitor among his colleagues. The details are not important; let’s just say there’s the standard threat of a nuclear meltdown and dissolved governments. One of the five suspects, however, is Kathryn (Cate Blanchett), his wife and fellow intelligence agent. George and Kathryn are kind of an urban legend in the spy world — not because they’re excellent at what they do, but because they’re married and intensely committed to each other in a vocation that requires duplicity, roleplay and moral ambiguity. They’re a social anomaly, so much so that a dinner invite to their home feels like a “visit to our parents”. It’s a marriage so solid that when George goes up to Kathryn’s floor, everyone in her meeting (including her superior) automatically pauses — you can almost hear the mental eyerolls in the room. They’re used to it.
