content/reviews/border-2-6.md, before:

+++
title = "Border 2"
date = 2026-01-24T00:56:18+05:30
draft = false
mreviews = ["Border 2"]
critics = ['Ishita Sengupta']
publication = 'OTT Play'
subtitle = "Spiritual Sequel Saying The Same Story"
opening = "We are living at a time when the merit of a film has come to be defined by not what it is but what it is not. Perhaps, this will be Border 2’s most resounding legacy."
img = 'border-2-6.png'
media = 'print'
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/review/border-2-spiritual-sequel-saying-the-same-story/4eaee4ebe9691"
score = 5
+++

In the last couple of years, the roster of Hindi cinema has been clogged with certain kinds of narratives and mostly with one kind of event: war. There has been a proliferation of war films as their rhetoric — identifying the nemesis as an “enemy”, using dialogues filled with allegories of battles — leaks into the grammar of regular dramas. It was about time that JP Dutta’s Border (1997), the original war-cry of a film centred firmly around Indian soldiers, would be reprised, and Border 2 is that.

Commit message:

Score is now a slice called scores

content/reviews/border-2-6.md, after:

+++
critics = ["Ishita Sengupta"]
date = 2026-01-24T00:56:18+05:30
draft = false
img = "border-2-6.png"
media = "print"
mreviews = ["Border 2"]
opening = "We are living at a time when the merit of a film has come to be defined by not what it is but what it is not. Perhaps, this will be Border 2’s most resounding legacy."
publication = "OTT Play"
scores = [5]
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/review/border-2-spiritual-sequel-saying-the-same-story/4eaee4ebe9691"
subtitle = "Spiritual Sequel Saying The Same Story"
title = "Border 2"
+++

In the last couple of years, the roster of Hindi cinema has been clogged with certain kinds of narratives and mostly with one kind of event: war. There has been a proliferation of war films as their rhetoric — identifying the nemesis as an “enemy”, using dialogues filled with allegories of battles — leaks into the grammar of regular dramas. It was about time that JP Dutta’s Border (1997), the original war-cry of a film centred firmly around Indian soldiers, would be reprised, and Border 2 is that.
