content/reviews/couple-friendly.md, before:

+++
title = "Couple Friendly"
date = 2026-02-14T19:58:48+05:30
draft = false
mreviews = ["Couple Friendly"]
critics = ['Srivathsan Nadadhur']
publication = 'The Hindu'
subtitle = "Santosh Soban, Manasa Varanasi’s romance drama is mature and heartfelt"
opening = "First-time director Ashwin Chandrasekar uses a breezy, slice-of-life exterior to capture the ebbs and flows of modern-day relationships"
img = 'couple-friendly.jpg'
media = 'print'
source = "https://www.thehindu.com/entertainment/movies/couple-friendly-movie-review-santosh-soban-manasa-varanasis-romance-drama-is-set-in-chennai/article70623347.ece"
score = 8
+++

Until the early 90s, Chennai (then Madras) served as a common backdrop for Telugu films. However, the subsequent industry shift to Hyderabad gradually altered the geographical canvas of its stories. Despite Chennai remaining a preferred destination for the Telugu community in nearby regions of Andhra Pradesh for livelihood for years, modern-day filmmakers have seldom explored their enduring connection with the city through a contemporary lens.

Commit message:

Score is now a slice called scores

content/reviews/couple-friendly.md, after:

+++
critics = ["Srivathsan Nadadhur"]
date = 2026-02-14T19:58:48+05:30
draft = false
img = "couple-friendly.jpg"
media = "print"
mreviews = ["Couple Friendly"]
opening = "First-time director Ashwin Chandrasekar uses a breezy, slice-of-life exterior to capture the ebbs and flows of modern-day relationships"
publication = "The Hindu"
scores = [8]
source = "https://www.thehindu.com/entertainment/movies/couple-friendly-movie-review-santosh-soban-manasa-varanasis-romance-drama-is-set-in-chennai/article70623347.ece"
subtitle = "Santosh Soban, Manasa Varanasi’s romance drama is mature and heartfelt"
title = "Couple Friendly"
+++

Until the early 90s, Chennai (then Madras) served as a common backdrop for Telugu films. However, the subsequent industry shift to Hyderabad gradually altered the geographical canvas of its stories. Despite Chennai remaining a preferred destination for the Telugu community in nearby regions of Andhra Pradesh for livelihood for years, modern-day filmmakers have seldom explored their enduring connection with the city through a contemporary lens.
