content/reviews/ctrl-4.md, before:

+++
title = 'CTRL'
date = 2024-10-04T20:45:44+05:30
draft = false
mreviews = ['CTRL']
critics = ['Saibal Chatterjee']
subtitle = 'An Uncategorisable Film That Is Equal Parts Entertaining And Sobering'
opening = "CTRL, in spirit and substance, reinforces Vikramaditya Motwane's proven penchant for turning an established genre on its head."
img = 'ctrl-4.png'
source = 'https://www.ndtv.com/entertainment/seo-title-ctrl-review-an-uncategorisable-film-that-is-equal-parts-entertaining-and-sobering-3-5-stars-6714082'
media = 'print'
score = 7
+++

Conjuring up a life that plays out in a virtual space - in other words, setting up a gauzy existence that floats in a dimension far removed from the real and the tangible - has its wages. Vikramaditya Motwane's inventive, sparky CTRL examines the nature and extent of the toll that burrowing into a rabbit hole of constructed personas and enhanced engagements can extract.

Nella Awasthi (Ananya Panday, suitably sprightly), a Delhi girl who has been in Mumbai for six years, discovers the hard way that there is infinitely more to life than reels, brands, subscribers and likes. Not that the film is looking to preach to a flock. Who does not already know what is at stake in a digital life?

Commit message:

Score is now a slice called scores

content/reviews/ctrl-4.md, after:

+++
critics = ["Saibal Chatterjee"]
date = 2024-10-04T20:45:44+05:30
draft = false
img = "ctrl-4.png"
media = "print"
mreviews = ["CTRL"]
opening = "CTRL, in spirit and substance, reinforces Vikramaditya Motwane's proven penchant for turning an established genre on its head."
scores = [7]
source = "https://www.ndtv.com/entertainment/seo-title-ctrl-review-an-uncategorisable-film-that-is-equal-parts-entertaining-and-sobering-3-5-stars-6714082"
subtitle = "An Uncategorisable Film That Is Equal Parts Entertaining And Sobering"
title = "CTRL"
+++

Conjuring up a life that plays out in a virtual space - in other words, setting up a gauzy existence that floats in a dimension far removed from the real and the tangible - has its wages. Vikramaditya Motwane's inventive, sparky CTRL examines the nature and extent of the toll that burrowing into a rabbit hole of constructed personas and enhanced engagements can extract.

Nella Awasthi (Ananya Panday, suitably sprightly), a Delhi girl who has been in Mumbai for six years, discovers the hard way that there is infinitely more to life than reels, brands, subscribers and likes. Not that the film is looking to preach to a flock. Who does not already know what is at stake in a digital life?
