content/reviews/ctrl.md, before:

+++
title = 'CTRL'
date = 2024-10-04T20:31:25+05:30
draft = false
mreviews = ['CTRL']
critics = ['Rahul Desai']
subtitle = 'Ananya Panday Anchors a Smart and Attentive Screenlife Thriller'
opening = 'It’s the kind of seamless actor-film fit that allows us to lament the imperfections of a culture without skewering it.'
img = 'ctrl.webp'
source = 'https://www.hollywoodreporterindia.com/reviews/streaming/ctrl-review-ananya-panday-anchors-a-smart-and-attentive-screenlife-thriller'
media = 'print'
score = 7
+++

In 2018, Aneesh Chaganty’s Searching put the life in screenlife. It marked the natural progression of ‘screenlife storytelling’ — a visual format where events happen entirely on computer screens, smartphones and cameras — into the real world. Until then, the horrors of technology had been literalised by the found-footage and supernatural genres. But Searching featured a father who looks for his missing daughter by following her digital footprints. His internet sleuthing reveals how little he really knew her; the technology he uses to find her is what had isolated her to begin with. Vikramaditya Motwane’s CTRL goes a step further; it expands the plausibility of the genre by unfolding in an age that puts the screen in screenlife. CTRL marks its progression into the reality of a virtual world — one where being watched is simply a natural consequence of feeling seen.

Nella Awasthi (Ananya Panday), one half of a Gen Z influencer couple, gets cheated on by her boyfriend, Joe Mascarenhas (Vihaan Samat). Enraged, she downloads an AI app — creating an assistant named Allen — to erase Joe from their shared life. Allen begins a 90-day task of deleting Joe from the couple’s thousands of pictures, reels and videos. He simultaneously manages her recovery, planning her comeback to ‘slay’ as a single social media ‘kween’. All is well until Joe actually goes missing, and Nella realises that this app is anything but harmless. In other words, imagine an influencer-culture baby of Her (2013) and Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind (2004).

Commit message:

Score is now a slice called scores

content/reviews/ctrl.md, after:

+++
critics = ["Rahul Desai"]
date = 2024-10-04T20:31:25+05:30
draft = false
img = "ctrl.webp"
media = "print"
mreviews = ["CTRL"]
opening = "It’s the kind of seamless actor-film fit that allows us to lament the imperfections of a culture without skewering it."
scores = [7]
source = "https://www.hollywoodreporterindia.com/reviews/streaming/ctrl-review-ananya-panday-anchors-a-smart-and-attentive-screenlife-thriller"
subtitle = "Ananya Panday Anchors a Smart and Attentive Screenlife Thriller"
title = "CTRL"
+++

In 2018, Aneesh Chaganty’s Searching put the life in screenlife. It marked the natural progression of ‘screenlife storytelling’ — a visual format where events happen entirely on computer screens, smartphones and cameras — into the real world. Until then, the horrors of technology had been literalised by the found-footage and supernatural genres. But Searching featured a father who looks for his missing daughter by following her digital footprints. His internet sleuthing reveals how little he really knew her; the technology he uses to find her is what had isolated her to begin with. Vikramaditya Motwane’s CTRL goes a step further; it expands the plausibility of the genre by unfolding in an age that puts the screen in screenlife. CTRL marks its progression into the reality of a virtual world — one where being watched is simply a natural consequence of feeling seen.

Nella Awasthi (Ananya Panday), one half of a Gen Z influencer couple, gets cheated on by her boyfriend, Joe Mascarenhas (Vihaan Samat). Enraged, she downloads an AI app — creating an assistant named Allen — to erase Joe from their shared life. Allen begins a 90-day task of deleting Joe from the couple’s thousands of pictures, reels and videos. He simultaneously manages her recovery, planning her comeback to ‘slay’ as a single social media ‘kween’. All is well until Joe actually goes missing, and Nella realises that this app is anything but harmless. In other words, imagine an influencer-culture baby of Her (2013) and Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind (2004).
