content/reviews/ctrl-3.md, before:

+++
title = 'CTRL'
date = 2024-10-04T20:39:05+05:30
draft = false
mreviews = ['CTRL']
critics = ['Anuj Kumar']
subtitle = 'Ananya Panday is in control in this timely lesson on the dangers of AI'
opening = 'Director Vikramaditya Motwane succeeds in creating the mood, moments, and message but the thriller lacks the killer punch'
img = 'ctrl-3.jpg'
source = 'https://www.thehindu.com/entertainment/movies/ctrl-movie-review-ananya-panday-is-in-control-in-this-timely-lesson-on-the-dangers-of-ai/article68717248.ece'
media = 'print'
score = 4
+++

A cautionary tale on cybercrime and artificial intelligence, CTRL works like a ready reckoning on online behaviour for social media junkies and feels like it has been designed to showcase the budding talent of Ananya Panday. Many of us have yet to recover from the shenanigans of Bae when director Vikramaditya Motwane unleashes the effervescence of Ananya in yet another variant of the coming-of-age template for Gen-Z.

Starting with Kho Gaye Hum Kahan, it seems Ananya has cracked the code of playing airheaded characters judged on Instagram. They demand such low expectations from the audience that when they gather a few more grams of gravity and the screenplay develops a few ounces of nuance, it feels like she has made such a long journey.

Commit message:

Score is now a slice called scores

content/reviews/ctrl-3.md, after:

+++
critics = ["Anuj Kumar"]
date = 2024-10-04T20:39:05+05:30
draft = false
img = "ctrl-3.jpg"
media = "print"
mreviews = ["CTRL"]
opening = "Director Vikramaditya Motwane succeeds in creating the mood, moments, and message but the thriller lacks the killer punch"
scores = [4]
source = "https://www.thehindu.com/entertainment/movies/ctrl-movie-review-ananya-panday-is-in-control-in-this-timely-lesson-on-the-dangers-of-ai/article68717248.ece"
subtitle = "Ananya Panday is in control in this timely lesson on the dangers of AI"
title = "CTRL"
+++

A cautionary tale on cybercrime and artificial intelligence, CTRL works like a ready reckoning on online behaviour for social media junkies and feels like it has been designed to showcase the budding talent of Ananya Panday. Many of us have yet to recover from the shenanigans of Bae when director Vikramaditya Motwane unleashes the effervescence of Ananya in yet another variant of the coming-of-age template for Gen-Z.

Starting with Kho Gaye Hum Kahan, it seems Ananya has cracked the code of playing airheaded characters judged on Instagram. They demand such low expectations from the audience that when they gather a few more grams of gravity and the screenplay develops a few ounces of nuance, it feels like she has made such a long journey.
