content/reviews/dhadak-2-8.md, before:

+++
title = "Dhadak 2"
date = 2025-08-02T08:14:30+05:30
draft = false
mreviews = ["Dhadak 2"]
critics = ['Ishita Sengupta']
publication = 'OTT Play'
subtitle = "Shazia Iqbal’s Caste Drama Offers Course Correction"
opening = "Dhadak 2 borrows its beats from Pariyerum Perumal but vibrates with its own music. It is a tender task, situated between adapting and creating, performing and inhabiting, miming and mining."
img = 'dhadak-2-8.png'
media = 'print'
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/dhadak-2-shazia-iqbal-siddhant-chaturvedi-triptii-dimri-caste-drama-is-a-terrific-adaptation/79e432b2e1545"
score = 7
+++

SHAZIA IQBAL'S Dhadak 2 stands on dented shoulders. Like its spiritual predecessor, Dhadak (2018) — adapted from Nagraj Manjule’s Sairat (2016) — it too borrows the contours from another language film, Mari Selvaraj’s Pariyerum Perumal (2018). This baffling practice of sharing genesis with acclaimed sources renders the franchise open to closer scrutiny and resistant to unbiased engagement. Observations are accompanied by comparisons, and every question heads in a similar direction: did it improve on the primary material? With the first film, the query was easy to resolve. Shashank Khaitan’s Dhadak reduced Sairat’s caste struggle to a homegrown class difference, making even the impending tragedy feel facile. Iqbal’s film, however, puts forth a more complicated proposition. Hers is a more faithful rendition of the original and by virtue of that, a rare mainstream Hindi film to tackle caste politics with central force. Dhadak 2’s distinction then is reiteration — an audacious task still, reflected in the 19 cuts the film accrued from the CBFC, ranging from blurring of casteist slurs to references to caste. The certification board’s cageyness has the most strident representation in the opening disclaimer that claims everything in the film to be fictional — the city it is based in, the depicted violence, mentions of suicide, etc; the denial is no different from Hindi cinema’s long-standing propensity of looking away from caste-based issues. Emerging from this darkness, Iqbal’s film offers a course-correction.

Commit message:

Score is now a slice called scores

content/reviews/dhadak-2-8.md, after:

+++
critics = ["Ishita Sengupta"]
date = 2025-08-02T08:14:30+05:30
draft = false
img = "dhadak-2-8.png"
media = "print"
mreviews = ["Dhadak 2"]
opening = "Dhadak 2 borrows its beats from Pariyerum Perumal but vibrates with its own music. It is a tender task, situated between adapting and creating, performing and inhabiting, miming and mining."
publication = "OTT Play"
scores = [7]
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/dhadak-2-shazia-iqbal-siddhant-chaturvedi-triptii-dimri-caste-drama-is-a-terrific-adaptation/79e432b2e1545"
subtitle = "Shazia Iqbal’s Caste Drama Offers Course Correction"
title = "Dhadak 2"
+++

SHAZIA IQBAL'S Dhadak 2 stands on dented shoulders. Like its spiritual predecessor, Dhadak (2018) — adapted from Nagraj Manjule’s Sairat (2016) — it too borrows the contours from another language film, Mari Selvaraj’s Pariyerum Perumal (2018). This baffling practice of sharing genesis with acclaimed sources renders the franchise open to closer scrutiny and resistant to unbiased engagement. Observations are accompanied by comparisons, and every question heads in a similar direction: did it improve on the primary material? With the first film, the query was easy to resolve. Shashank Khaitan’s Dhadak reduced Sairat’s caste struggle to a homegrown class difference, making even the impending tragedy feel facile. Iqbal’s film, however, puts forth a more complicated proposition. Hers is a more faithful rendition of the original and by virtue of that, a rare mainstream Hindi film to tackle caste politics with central force. Dhadak 2’s distinction then is reiteration — an audacious task still, reflected in the 19 cuts the film accrued from the CBFC, ranging from blurring of casteist slurs to references to caste. The certification board’s cageyness has the most strident representation in the opening disclaimer that claims everything in the film to be fictional — the city it is based in, the depicted violence, mentions of suicide, etc; the denial is no different from Hindi cinema’s long-standing propensity of looking away from caste-based issues. Emerging from this darkness, Iqbal’s film offers a course-correction.
