content/reviews/dhurandhar-10.md, before:

+++
title = "Dhurandhar"
date = 2025-12-07T16:53:56+05:30
draft = false
mreviews = ["Dhurandhar"]
critics = ['Suchin Mehrotra']
publication = 'The Quint'
subtitle = "Ranveer Singh Leads A Tedious, Rage-Bait Gangster-Spy Saga"
opening = "Dhar’s approach to violence isn’t “stylish,” nor is it entertaining or tragic. It’s pointed and purposeful."
img = 'dhurandhar-10.webp'
media = 'print'
source = "https://www.thequint.com/entertainment/bollywood/dhurandhar-review-ranveer-singh-sanjay-dutt-arun-rampal-read-now"
score = 5
+++

A group of wide-eyed, middle-aged men stare at a collection of TV screens, periodically erupting with joyful screams and frantic hugs of celebration. The scene is intentionally framed like a group of male friends watching a cricket match that their team is winning. Except what’s unfolding on those screens is the live coverage of the 26/11 terror attacks, as innocent people are gunned down. The cheering men are a group of top Pakistani officials, ISI top brass, gangsters, arms dealers and businessmen. One of them is even on the phone to one of the terrorists, gleefully barking instructions about which hostages to kill next.

Commit message:

Score is now a slice called scores

content/reviews/dhurandhar-10.md, after:

+++
critics = ["Suchin Mehrotra"]
date = 2025-12-07T16:53:56+05:30
draft = false
img = "dhurandhar-10.webp"
media = "print"
mreviews = ["Dhurandhar"]
opening = "Dhar’s approach to violence isn’t “stylish,” nor is it entertaining or tragic. It’s pointed and purposeful."
publication = "The Quint"
scores = [5]
source = "https://www.thequint.com/entertainment/bollywood/dhurandhar-review-ranveer-singh-sanjay-dutt-arun-rampal-read-now"
subtitle = "Ranveer Singh Leads A Tedious, Rage-Bait Gangster-Spy Saga"
title = "Dhurandhar"
+++

A group of wide-eyed, middle-aged men stare at a collection of TV screens, periodically erupting with joyful screams and frantic hugs of celebration. The scene is intentionally framed like a group of male friends watching a cricket match that their team is winning. Except what’s unfolding on those screens is the live coverage of the 26/11 terror attacks, as innocent people are gunned down. The cheering men are a group of top Pakistani officials, ISI top brass, gangsters, arms dealers and businessmen. One of them is even on the phone to one of the terrorists, gleefully barking instructions about which hostages to kill next.
