content/reviews/dies-irae-2.md, before:

+++
title = "Diés Iraé"
date = 2025-11-02T00:05:38+05:30
draft = false
mreviews = ["Diés Iraé"]
critics = ['Aditya Shrikrishna']
publication = 'OTT Play'
subtitle = "Diés Iraé Proves Horror Can Be Minimalist — & Still Terrifying"
opening = "Sadasivan stacks Diés Iraé with pulpy twists of Jenga blocks, where each reveal shakes up the larger plot. The film’s whole deal is to make us trust our assumptions and then pull the rug away from us."
img = 'dies-irae-2.webp'
media = 'print'
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/rahul-sadasivan-dies-irae-comepelling-minimalist-horror/d8c655f56a107"
score = 6
+++

Rahul Sadasivan has a thing for singular settings. His genre can often be defined as chamber horror. In Bhoothakaalam, the film that announced him, it is the dysfunctional domestic abode that is both the place and the protagonist. In Bramayugam, a 17th-century mana belonging to a Namboothiri, shot in glorious monochrome, makes us wonder if it is haunted or is the object that haunts.

Commit message:

Score is now a slice called scores

content/reviews/dies-irae-2.md, after:

+++
critics = ["Aditya Shrikrishna"]
date = 2025-11-02T00:05:38+05:30
draft = false
img = "dies-irae-2.webp"
media = "print"
mreviews = ["Diés Iraé"]
opening = "Sadasivan stacks Diés Iraé with pulpy twists of Jenga blocks, where each reveal shakes up the larger plot. The film’s whole deal is to make us trust our assumptions and then pull the rug away from us."
publication = "OTT Play"
scores = [6]
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/rahul-sadasivan-dies-irae-comepelling-minimalist-horror/d8c655f56a107"
subtitle = "Diés Iraé Proves Horror Can Be Minimalist — & Still Terrifying"
title = "Diés Iraé"
+++

Rahul Sadasivan has a thing for singular settings. His genre can often be defined as chamber horror. In Bhoothakaalam, the film that announced him, it is the dysfunctional domestic abode that is both the place and the protagonist. In Bramayugam, a 17th-century mana belonging to a Namboothiri, shot in glorious monochrome, makes us wonder if it is haunted or is the object that haunts.
