content/reviews/f1:-the-movie-6.md, before:

+++
title = "F1: The Movie"
date = 2025-06-29T10:51:59+05:30
draft = false
mreviews = ["F1: The Movie"]
critics = ['Rahul Desai']
publication = 'OTT Play'
subtitle = "In Loving Memory Of The Blockbuster"
opening = "Joseph Kosinski's F1 is an obituary posing as a hymn. It's designed to make us realise that this is the last gasp of superstardom in an age where influence is a profession rather than a halo."
img = 'f1-the-movie-6.png'
media = 'print'
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/f1-the-movie-brad-pitt-in-loving-memory-of-the-blockbuster/845f299f4f516"
score = 7
+++

I have this vivid image of the future in my head. It’s a bit like the opening vignettes of Interstellar. People buy tickets and shuffle into a museum. This museum was once an out-of-business IMAX theatre. On its giant screen — a screen that’s alien to an ultra-digitalised planet — rushes of a bygone era flicker to life. There’s a long queue outside a section called “Stardom”. The term is strange and antiquated, like a sound of history that current generations have only heard of. They think it has something to do with space travel; perhaps it does. As the kids take their seats, a curated montage of two ‘old’ titles begins. The crowd goes “ooh” when a dashing chap named Tom Cruise lights up the screen in Top Gun: Maverick; the crowd goes “aah” when a hunky guy named Brad Pitt lights up the screen in F1. The men no longer exist, but these two movies are the closest approximation of a world in which aura mattered. There is polite applause. The guided tour moves on to the next section. Maybe more Jurassic Park than Interstellar.

Commit message:

Score is now a slice called scores

content/reviews/f1:-the-movie-6.md, after:

+++
critics = ["Rahul Desai"]
date = 2025-06-29T10:51:59+05:30
draft = false
img = "f1-the-movie-6.png"
media = "print"
mreviews = ["F1: The Movie"]
opening = "Joseph Kosinski's F1 is an obituary posing as a hymn. It's designed to make us realise that this is the last gasp of superstardom in an age where influence is a profession rather than a halo."
publication = "OTT Play"
scores = [7]
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/f1-the-movie-brad-pitt-in-loving-memory-of-the-blockbuster/845f299f4f516"
subtitle = "In Loving Memory Of The Blockbuster"
title = "F1: The Movie"
+++

I have this vivid image of the future in my head. It’s a bit like the opening vignettes of Interstellar. People buy tickets and shuffle into a museum. This museum was once an out-of-business IMAX theatre. On its giant screen — a screen that’s alien to an ultra-digitalised planet — rushes of a bygone era flicker to life. There’s a long queue outside a section called “Stardom”. The term is strange and antiquated, like a sound of history that current generations have only heard of. They think it has something to do with space travel; perhaps it does. As the kids take their seats, a curated montage of two ‘old’ titles begins. The crowd goes “ooh” when a dashing chap named Tom Cruise lights up the screen in Top Gun: Maverick; the crowd goes “aah” when a hunky guy named Brad Pitt lights up the screen in F1. The men no longer exist, but these two movies are the closest approximation of a world in which aura mattered. There is polite applause. The guided tour moves on to the next section. Maybe more Jurassic Park than Interstellar.
