content/reviews/firefly.md, before:

+++
title = "Firefly"
date = 2025-05-03T09:00:06+05:30
draft = false
mreviews = ["Firefly"]
critics = ['Subha J Rao']
publication = 'OTT Play'
subtitle = "Treads Lightly Through Grief — And Finds Joy"
opening = "Some stories don’t just tell you what grief looks like — they let you sit with it, laugh through it, even hallucinate your way around it. Vamshi Krishna’s Firefly does all that and more."
img = 'firefly.webp'
media = 'print'
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/vamsi-krishna-firefly-treads-lightly-through-grief-and-finds-joy/0d18d8ad86747"
score = 8
+++

THERE'S A SCENE in Firefly when Vicky, recently out of a coma, returns home after months and rings the bell, getting more and more irritated with every unanswered ring, before his new reality strikes him. There’s a glimmer of realisation in his eyes. The scene does not cut to sad music and tears. Instead, he searches for the house keys and strides out to get them from his uncle’s house, from where he had just walked out in a huff. This scene, in a strange way, sets the tone for the film, which speaks about coping with grief, depression, sleeplessness, and the overwhelming yearning to see one’s parents one more time. Despite the theme, debut actor-director Vamshi Krishna, who has also written the film, infuses it with a certain childlike lightness of touch and quirky humour. He’s also careful not to toss around the word depression casually—there’s a sensitivity in the portrayal of group therapy and more.

Commit message:

Score is now a slice called scores

content/reviews/firefly.md, after:

+++
critics = ["Subha J Rao"]
date = 2025-05-03T09:00:06+05:30
draft = false
img = "firefly.webp"
media = "print"
mreviews = ["Firefly"]
opening = "Some stories don’t just tell you what grief looks like — they let you sit with it, laugh through it, even hallucinate your way around it. Vamshi Krishna’s Firefly does all that and more."
publication = "OTT Play"
scores = [8]
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/vamsi-krishna-firefly-treads-lightly-through-grief-and-finds-joy/0d18d8ad86747"
subtitle = "Treads Lightly Through Grief — And Finds Joy"
title = "Firefly"
+++

THERE'S A SCENE in Firefly when Vicky, recently out of a coma, returns home after months and rings the bell, getting more and more irritated with every unanswered ring, before his new reality strikes him. There’s a glimmer of realisation in his eyes. The scene does not cut to sad music and tears. Instead, he searches for the house keys and strides out to get them from his uncle’s house, from where he had just walked out in a huff. This scene, in a strange way, sets the tone for the film, which speaks about coping with grief, depression, sleeplessness, and the overwhelming yearning to see one’s parents one more time. Despite the theme, debut actor-director Vamshi Krishna, who has also written the film, infuses it with a certain childlike lightness of touch and quirky humour. He’s also careful not to toss around the word depression casually—there’s a sensitivity in the portrayal of group therapy and more.
