content/reviews/four-more-shots-please-s04.md, before:

+++
title = "Four More Shots Please! S04"
date = 2025-12-23T18:12:05+05:30
draft = false
mreviews = ["Four More Shots Please! S04"]
critics = ['Poulomi Das']
publication = 'The Federal'
subtitle = "A final toast, a rushed goodbye"
opening = "Despite its scattered pleasures, the final season of the series, touted to be Indian version of Sex and the City and Girls, delivers tidy resolutions, minimal tension, and dated portrayals of friendship and desire"
img = 'four-more-shots-please-s04.webp'
media = 'print'
source = "https://thefederal.com/category/entertainment/four-more-shots-please-season-4-review-web-series-sex-and-the-city-girls-221466"
score = 3
+++

Four More Shots Please!  returns for its fourth and final  season the way it always has: mid-chaos, mid-confession, and mid-freakout. The  opening image is telling. There is a wedding underway, and right at its centre  is Siddhi Patel (Maanvi Gagroo), spiralling. She is high on brownies,  overwhelmed by commitment, and quietly devastated by the absence of her father,  whose death still sits like an unprocessed ache. It is a familiar emotional cocktail for this show: intimacy  laced with panic, humour doing the work of survival. But after  the vows are sealed, the four women make a pact: to confront the patterns they  keep dragging from season to season. It is a neat way to begin a finale. It is  also, unfortunately, emblematic of a season more interested in tying ribbons  than in pulling threads tighter.

Commit message:

Score is now a slice called scores

content/reviews/four-more-shots-please-s04.md, after:

+++
critics = ["Poulomi Das"]
date = 2025-12-23T18:12:05+05:30
draft = false
img = "four-more-shots-please-s04.webp"
media = "print"
mreviews = ["Four More Shots Please! S04"]
opening = "Despite its scattered pleasures, the final season of the series, touted to be Indian version of Sex and the City and Girls, delivers tidy resolutions, minimal tension, and dated portrayals of friendship and desire"
publication = "The Federal"
scores = [3]
source = "https://thefederal.com/category/entertainment/four-more-shots-please-season-4-review-web-series-sex-and-the-city-girls-221466"
subtitle = "A final toast, a rushed goodbye"
title = "Four More Shots Please! S04"
+++

Four More Shots Please!  returns for its fourth and final  season the way it always has: mid-chaos, mid-confession, and mid-freakout. The  opening image is telling. There is a wedding underway, and right at its centre  is Siddhi Patel (Maanvi Gagroo), spiralling. She is high on brownies,  overwhelmed by commitment, and quietly devastated by the absence of her father,  whose death still sits like an unprocessed ache. It is a familiar emotional cocktail for this show: intimacy  laced with panic, humour doing the work of survival. But after  the vows are sealed, the four women make a pact: to confront the patterns they  keep dragging from season to season. It is a neat way to begin a finale. It is  also, unfortunately, emblematic of a season more interested in tying ribbons  than in pulling threads tighter.
