content/reviews/from-the-world-of-john-wick:-ballerina-2.md, before:

+++
title = "From the World of John Wick: Ballerina"
date = 2025-06-14T17:28:08+05:30
draft = false
mreviews = ["From the World of John Wick: Ballerina"]
critics = ['Rahul Desai']
publication = 'OTT Play'
subtitle = "The Adrenaline Of Grief"
opening = ""
img = 'from-the-world-of-john-wick-ballerina-2.png'
media = 'print'
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/ballerina-movie-review-ana-de-armas-john-wick-universe/c735582929480"
score = 6
+++

A spin-off in the John Wick universe, Ballerina stars Ana de Armas as Eve, a young orphan trained by the Ruska Roma — the crime organisation famous for creating Keanu Reeves’ Wick — to be a ballerina-assassin. She is taught to weaponise her intuition and “fight like a girl” instead of trying to defeat men at their own game. She graduates the programme and starts work as a cold-blooded contract killer. But just as she sets out to become the next big Ruska Roma legend, she is overcome by an urge to avenge the murder of her father. All the trauma comes back to her when she identifies an opponent bearing the symbol of the Cult, the outfit responsible for the death of her parents all those years ago. Her ‘mission’ changes.

Commit message:

Score is now a slice called scores

content/reviews/from-the-world-of-john-wick:-ballerina-2.md, after:

+++
critics = ["Rahul Desai"]
date = 2025-06-14T17:28:08+05:30
draft = false
img = "from-the-world-of-john-wick-ballerina-2.png"
media = "print"
mreviews = ["From the World of John Wick: Ballerina"]
opening = ""
publication = "OTT Play"
scores = [6]
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/ballerina-movie-review-ana-de-armas-john-wick-universe/c735582929480"
subtitle = "The Adrenaline Of Grief"
title = "From the World of John Wick: Ballerina"
+++

A spin-off in the John Wick universe, Ballerina stars Ana de Armas as Eve, a young orphan trained by the Ruska Roma — the crime organisation famous for creating Keanu Reeves’ Wick — to be a ballerina-assassin. She is taught to weaponise her intuition and “fight like a girl” instead of trying to defeat men at their own game. She graduates the programme and starts work as a cold-blooded contract killer. But just as she sets out to become the next big Ruska Roma legend, she is overcome by an urge to avenge the murder of her father. All the trauma comes back to her when she identifies an opponent bearing the symbol of the Cult, the outfit responsible for the death of her parents all those years ago. Her ‘mission’ changes.
