content/reviews/good-fortune.md, before:

+++
title = "Good Fortune"
date = 2025-10-18T23:36:56+05:30
draft = false
mreviews = ["Good Fortune"]
critics = ['Rahul Desai']
publication = 'OTT Play'
subtitle = "An Angelic John Wick Rescues A Flailing Master Of None"
opening = "Good Fortune is fun when Keanu Reeves turns earnestness and bad writing into an art form. But as a Barbie-styled comment on modern American society, it comes across as performative and dishonest."
img = 'good-fortune.webp'
media = 'print'
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/good-fortune-keanu-reeves-seth-rogen-aziz-ansari-an-angelic-john-wick-rescues-a-flailing-master-of-none/0cfcdc42cb357"
score = 5
+++

Good Fortune plays out a bit like a smart-alecky Aziz Ansari comedy sketch. A skit-like one-liner — what if a well-meaning but incompetent “budget angel” body-swaps a wealthy white guy and a miserable brown guy? — is pan-fried with a series of thematic keywords: gig economy, American dream, immigrant struggle, racial biases, capitalist greed. It’s a deadpan spoof that counts on looking like a deadpan spoof; even the sincerity is supposed to sound designed and clunky. It has the narrative scale of a gag, too. As a film, it doesn’t know where to go after the social gimmick wears off; it just fizzles into the sort of artificial resolution that, if I didn’t know any better, passes off as image-renovating and self-righteous tripe. The film is fun when Keanu Reeves turns earnestness and bad writing into an art form. But as a Barbie-styled comment on modern American society, it comes across as performative and dishonest. Look Ma, (no) Wings!

Commit message:

Score is now a slice called scores

content/reviews/good-fortune.md, after:

+++
critics = ["Rahul Desai"]
date = 2025-10-18T23:36:56+05:30
draft = false
img = "good-fortune.webp"
media = "print"
mreviews = ["Good Fortune"]
opening = "Good Fortune is fun when Keanu Reeves turns earnestness and bad writing into an art form. But as a Barbie-styled comment on modern American society, it comes across as performative and dishonest."
publication = "OTT Play"
scores = [5]
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/good-fortune-keanu-reeves-seth-rogen-aziz-ansari-an-angelic-john-wick-rescues-a-flailing-master-of-none/0cfcdc42cb357"
subtitle = "An Angelic John Wick Rescues A Flailing Master Of None"
title = "Good Fortune"
+++

Good Fortune plays out a bit like a smart-alecky Aziz Ansari comedy sketch. A skit-like one-liner — what if a well-meaning but incompetent “budget angel” body-swaps a wealthy white guy and a miserable brown guy? — is pan-fried with a series of thematic keywords: gig economy, American dream, immigrant struggle, racial biases, capitalist greed. It’s a deadpan spoof that counts on looking like a deadpan spoof; even the sincerity is supposed to sound designed and clunky. It has the narrative scale of a gag, too. As a film, it doesn’t know where to go after the social gimmick wears off; it just fizzles into the sort of artificial resolution that, if I didn’t know any better, passes off as image-renovating and self-righteous tripe. The film is fun when Keanu Reeves turns earnestness and bad writing into an art form. But as a Barbie-styled comment on modern American society, it comes across as performative and dishonest. Look Ma, (no) Wings!
