content/reviews/haq-14.md, before:

+++
title = "Haq"
date = 2025-11-08T22:59:50+05:30
draft = false
mreviews = ["Haq"]
critics = ['Arnab Banerjee']
publication = 'The Daily Eye'
subtitle = "Haq and the price of a woman’s voice"
opening = "Through evocative storytelling and restrained direction, Haq explores how faith and justice collide in the pursuit of dignity, equality, and conscience."
img = 'haq-14.jpg'
media = 'print'
source = "https://thedailyeye.info/in-the-news/bollywood-haq-and-the-price-of-a-woman-s-voice/b95362bc44614073"
score = 7
+++

In 1978, Shah Bano, an elderly Muslim woman from Indore, filed a petition seeking maintenance that her estranged husband, Mohammed Ahmad Khan, had abruptly ceased paying. What began as a private plea for sustenance evolved into one of India’s most seminal legal battles. The litigation culminated in a historic 1985 Supreme Court judgment—Mohd. Ahmad Khan v. Shah Bano Begum—which upheld a divorced Muslim woman’s right to maintenance under Section 125 of the Criminal Procedure Code.

Commit message:

Score is now a slice called scores

content/reviews/haq-14.md, after:

+++
critics = ["Arnab Banerjee"]
date = 2025-11-08T22:59:50+05:30
draft = false
img = "haq-14.jpg"
media = "print"
mreviews = ["Haq"]
opening = "Through evocative storytelling and restrained direction, Haq explores how faith and justice collide in the pursuit of dignity, equality, and conscience."
publication = "The Daily Eye"
scores = [7]
source = "https://thedailyeye.info/in-the-news/bollywood-haq-and-the-price-of-a-woman-s-voice/b95362bc44614073"
subtitle = "Haq and the price of a woman’s voice"
title = "Haq"
+++

In 1978, Shah Bano, an elderly Muslim woman from Indore, filed a petition seeking maintenance that her estranged husband, Mohammed Ahmad Khan, had abruptly ceased paying. What began as a private plea for sustenance evolved into one of India’s most seminal legal battles. The litigation culminated in a historic 1985 Supreme Court judgment—Mohd. Ahmad Khan v. Shah Bano Begum—which upheld a divorced Muslim woman’s right to maintenance under Section 125 of the Criminal Procedure Code.
