content/reviews/haq-17.md, before:

+++
title = "Haq"
date = 2025-11-11T19:33:27+05:30
draft = false
mreviews = ["Haq"]
critics = ['Ishita Sengupta']
publication = 'OTT Play'
subtitle = "Suparn Varma’s Haq Is A Persuasive Take On The Shah Bano Case"
opening = "Haq, designed as one woman’s battle against the system, underlines the patriarchal readings of the Quran, the redundancy of triple talaq, and how women are forced to bear the brunt of religion."
img = 'haq-17.png'
media = 'print'
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/suparn-varma-yami-gautam-emraan-hashmi-haq-is-a-persuasive-film-on-the-shah-bano-case/e7c44f73ac82"
score = 4
+++

HAQ becomes a better film once it ends. The Suparn Verma directorial feature is based on the landmark 1985 Shah Bano case, where a Muslim woman won her right to alimony. Although personal, her fight assumed big proportions because it revealed the knotty relationship between Muslim Personal Law, where a husband is entitled to provide maintenance during the iddat period after divorce, and the Indian secular law. In this particular case, the Supreme Court ruled in favour of Bano; later, the then-Congress government offset the judgment by sanctioning women to receive “reasonable and fair provision and maintenance" for three months after the divorce; Haq concludes by mentioning this, applauding, in the same breath, the current government for criminalising triple talaq and passing the Muslim Women (Protection of Rights on Marriage) Act, 2019.

Commit message:

Score is now a slice called scores

content/reviews/haq-17.md, after:

+++
critics = ["Ishita Sengupta"]
date = 2025-11-11T19:33:27+05:30
draft = false
img = "haq-17.png"
media = "print"
mreviews = ["Haq"]
opening = "Haq, designed as one woman’s battle against the system, underlines the patriarchal readings of the Quran, the redundancy of triple talaq, and how women are forced to bear the brunt of religion."
publication = "OTT Play"
scores = [4]
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/suparn-varma-yami-gautam-emraan-hashmi-haq-is-a-persuasive-film-on-the-shah-bano-case/e7c44f73ac82"
subtitle = "Suparn Varma’s Haq Is A Persuasive Take On The Shah Bano Case"
title = "Haq"
+++

HAQ becomes a better film once it ends. The Suparn Verma directorial feature is based on the landmark 1985 Shah Bano case, where a Muslim woman won her right to alimony. Although personal, her fight assumed big proportions because it revealed the knotty relationship between Muslim Personal Law, where a husband is entitled to provide maintenance during the iddat period after divorce, and the Indian secular law. In this particular case, the Supreme Court ruled in favour of Bano; later, the then-Congress government offset the judgment by sanctioning women to receive “reasonable and fair provision and maintenance" for three months after the divorce; Haq concludes by mentioning this, applauding, in the same breath, the current government for criminalising triple talaq and passing the Muslim Women (Protection of Rights on Marriage) Act, 2019.
