content/reviews/homebound-19.md, before:

+++
title = "Homebound"
date = 2025-09-27T13:58:31+05:30
draft = false
mreviews = ["Homebound"]
critics = ['Ishita Sengupta']
publication = 'OTT Play'
subtitle = "Neeraj Ghaywan’s Second Feature Film Is An Achievement Of The Highest Order"
opening = "Ghaywan’s Homebound archives a country suffering from an amnesia of feeling; the filmmaker reiterates what we have become only to recall who we are, and can be."
img = 'homebound-19.webp'
media = 'print'
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/homebound-neeraj-ghaywans-second-feature-film-is-an-achievement-of-the-highest-order/bbbdae68f2290"
score = 8
+++

In Neeraj Ghaywan's Homebound, an essay is breathed into existence. For The New York Times in 2020, journalist Basharat Peer had reported on the COVID-19-infected period in India through the account of two friends’ struggle to reach home. Titled Taking Amrit Home, the piece elaborated on the government-sanctioned lockdown when migrant workers, stranded due to the indefinite closure of urban workspaces and transportation, were forced to walk back to their villages. Mohammad Saiyub and Amrit Kumar, the men in Peer’s article, were part of the exodus ,and while Ghaywan’s film, based on the text, tracks what becomes of the two men, it unfolds as a more lucid adaptation of the unbecoming of a country.

Commit message:

Score is now a slice called scores

content/reviews/homebound-19.md, after:

+++
critics = ["Ishita Sengupta"]
date = 2025-09-27T13:58:31+05:30
draft = false
img = "homebound-19.webp"
media = "print"
mreviews = ["Homebound"]
opening = "Ghaywan’s Homebound archives a country suffering from an amnesia of feeling; the filmmaker reiterates what we have become only to recall who we are, and can be."
publication = "OTT Play"
scores = [8]
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/homebound-neeraj-ghaywans-second-feature-film-is-an-achievement-of-the-highest-order/bbbdae68f2290"
subtitle = "Neeraj Ghaywan’s Second Feature Film Is An Achievement Of The Highest Order"
title = "Homebound"
+++

In Neeraj Ghaywan's Homebound, an essay is breathed into existence. For The New York Times in 2020, journalist Basharat Peer had reported on the COVID-19-infected period in India through the account of two friends’ struggle to reach home. Titled Taking Amrit Home, the piece elaborated on the government-sanctioned lockdown when migrant workers, stranded due to the indefinite closure of urban workspaces and transportation, were forced to walk back to their villages. Mohammad Saiyub and Amrit Kumar, the men in Peer’s article, were part of the exodus ,and while Ghaywan’s film, based on the text, tracks what becomes of the two men, it unfolds as a more lucid adaptation of the unbecoming of a country.
