content/reviews/homebound-23.md, before:

+++
title = "Homebound"
date = 2025-09-28T23:13:20+05:30
draft = false
mreviews = ["Homebound"]
critics = ['Arnab Banerjee']
publication = 'The Daily Eye'
subtitle = "Stories of struggle and survival"
opening = "The marginalised have never had it easy—but in our own fractured land, their journey is not just arduous, it is often soul-scarring, as Neeraj Ghaywan’s Homebound reveals."
img = 'homebound-23.jpg'
media = 'print'
source = "https://thedailyeye.info/in-the-news/bollywood-stories-of-struggle-and-survival/74163501c65b1f19"
score = 7
+++

Homebound, directed by Neeraj Ghaywan and written with Varun Grover, Shreedhar Dubey, and Sumit Roy, is a poignant exploration of caste, faith, friendship, and survival in contemporary India. The marginalised have never had it easy—but in our own fractured land, their journey is not just arduous, it is often soul-scarring, as Neeraj Ghaywan’s Homebound reveals. Arnab Banerjee’s review of the film. With unforgettable performances, sharp social commentary, and emotional depth, Homebound stands as an unflinching cinematic mirror to caste oppression, religious prejudice, and human dignity in India today.

Commit message:

Score is now a slice called scores

content/reviews/homebound-23.md, after:

+++
critics = ["Arnab Banerjee"]
date = 2025-09-28T23:13:20+05:30
draft = false
img = "homebound-23.jpg"
media = "print"
mreviews = ["Homebound"]
opening = "The marginalised have never had it easy—but in our own fractured land, their journey is not just arduous, it is often soul-scarring, as Neeraj Ghaywan’s Homebound reveals."
publication = "The Daily Eye"
scores = [7]
source = "https://thedailyeye.info/in-the-news/bollywood-stories-of-struggle-and-survival/74163501c65b1f19"
subtitle = "Stories of struggle and survival"
title = "Homebound"
+++

Homebound, directed by Neeraj Ghaywan and written with Varun Grover, Shreedhar Dubey, and Sumit Roy, is a poignant exploration of caste, faith, friendship, and survival in contemporary India. The marginalised have never had it easy—but in our own fractured land, their journey is not just arduous, it is often soul-scarring, as Neeraj Ghaywan’s Homebound reveals. Arnab Banerjee’s review of the film. With unforgettable performances, sharp social commentary, and emotional depth, Homebound stands as an unflinching cinematic mirror to caste oppression, religious prejudice, and human dignity in India today.
