content/reviews/ikkis-10.md, before:

+++
title = "Ikkis"
date = 2026-01-02T19:47:31+05:30
draft = false
mreviews = ["Ikkis"]
critics = ['Ishita Sengupta']
publication = 'OTT Play'
subtitle = "Sriram Raghavan Never Misses"
opening = "Raghavan doesn't limit the story of a soldier to the act of his sacrifice. Instead, he offers the beats of his heart, the arc of his living, and the picture of his youth that perished too soon."
img = 'ikkis-10.png'
media = 'print'
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/ikkis-agastya-nanda-dharmendra-jaideep-ahlawat-sriram-raghavan-never-misses/cf7ca1be8e931"
score = 8
+++

One side wins a battle, but both sides lose in a war. Hindi films of late, committed to depicting historical warfare, have been relaying stories of battles. Neatly structured narratives keep pitting men — and nations — against each other as hyperstylised filmmaking and hypermasculine action nourish an appetite to roar for one and ridicule the other. Bravery in these tales is distinct and calibrated, above moral probing and beyond mortal restraint. In his war drama, Ikkis, filmmaker Sriram Raghavan looks in the eyes of onlookers, trained to bay for blood, and offers them water.

Commit message:

Score is now a slice called scores

content/reviews/ikkis-10.md, after:

+++
critics = ["Ishita Sengupta"]
date = 2026-01-02T19:47:31+05:30
draft = false
img = "ikkis-10.png"
media = "print"
mreviews = ["Ikkis"]
opening = "Raghavan doesn't limit the story of a soldier to the act of his sacrifice. Instead, he offers the beats of his heart, the arc of his living, and the picture of his youth that perished too soon."
publication = "OTT Play"
scores = [8]
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/ikkis-agastya-nanda-dharmendra-jaideep-ahlawat-sriram-raghavan-never-misses/cf7ca1be8e931"
subtitle = "Sriram Raghavan Never Misses"
title = "Ikkis"
+++

One side wins a battle, but both sides lose in a war. Hindi films of late, committed to depicting historical warfare, have been relaying stories of battles. Neatly structured narratives keep pitting men — and nations — against each other as hyperstylised filmmaking and hypermasculine action nourish an appetite to roar for one and ridicule the other. Bravery in these tales is distinct and calibrated, above moral probing and beyond mortal restraint. In his war drama, Ikkis, filmmaker Sriram Raghavan looks in the eyes of onlookers, trained to bay for blood, and offers them water.
