content/reviews/it-was-just-an-accident-2.md, before:

+++
title = "It Was Just an Accident"
date = 2025-09-19T08:13:16+05:30
draft = false
mreviews = ["It Was Just an Accident"]
critics = ['Ishita Sengupta']
publication = 'OTT PLay'
subtitle = "An Effective Study Of Compassion"
opening = ""
img = 'it-was-just-an-accident-2.png'
media = 'print'
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/jafar-panahis-it-was-just-an-accident-is-an-effective-study-of-compassion/d91458399d26"
score = 8
+++

On paper, It Was Just an Accident bears the blueprint of Panahi’s work where complexity arises from an innocuous incident. A regular pitstop proves to be pivotal. It turns out that the onlooker, Vahid (a wonderful Vahid Mobasseri), has a traumatic history of knowing the man looking for help. In fact, not only does he know him, but so do a lot of people — a wedding photographer, a woman about to get married, a man still traumatised with his past. Turns out, the man in question is an officer of the state who had tortured them when they were in jail. But here’s the catch: no one is really sure. They were blindfolded when they were imprisoned, and although the man (called Eghbal, played by Ebrahim Azizi) sounds and smells like him, and even has a limp, there is uncertainty.

Commit message:

Score is now a slice called scores

content/reviews/it-was-just-an-accident-2.md, after:

+++
critics = ["Ishita Sengupta"]
date = 2025-09-19T08:13:16+05:30
draft = false
img = "it-was-just-an-accident-2.png"
media = "print"
mreviews = ["It Was Just an Accident"]
opening = ""
publication = "OTT PLay"
scores = [8]
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/jafar-panahis-it-was-just-an-accident-is-an-effective-study-of-compassion/d91458399d26"
subtitle = "An Effective Study Of Compassion"
title = "It Was Just an Accident"
+++

On paper, It Was Just an Accident bears the blueprint of Panahi’s work where complexity arises from an innocuous incident. A regular pitstop proves to be pivotal. It turns out that the onlooker, Vahid (a wonderful Vahid Mobasseri), has a traumatic history of knowing the man looking for help. In fact, not only does he know him, but so do a lot of people — a wedding photographer, a woman about to get married, a man still traumatised with his past. Turns out, the man in question is an officer of the state who had tortured them when they were in jail. But here’s the catch: no one is really sure. They were blindfolded when they were imprisoned, and although the man (called Eghbal, played by Ebrahim Azizi) sounds and smells like him, and even has a limp, there is uncertainty.
