content/reviews/jigra-6.md, before:

+++
title = 'Jigra'
date = 2024-10-12T08:24:48+05:30
draft = false
mreviews = ['Jigra']
critics = ['Ishita Sengupta']
subtitle = 'Alia Bhatt In And As The Angry Young Woman'
opening = ''
img = 'jigra-6.webp'
media = 'print'
source = 'https://www.ottplay.com/features/jigra-alia-bhatt-in-as-the-angry-young-woman/c753b582a2198'
score = 7.5
+++

In Vasan Bala’s Jigra (Courage) Alia Bhatt is Amitabh Bachchan. The suggestion seems both foolish and foolhardy, not least because both actors have disparate, almost contrasting, physicalities. They act differently, they react differently. And more crucially, a punch lands on them differently. If Bachchan in his youth stumbled upon being hit, then Bhatt crumples like a paper bag. If the former’s daunting presence intimidates the frame then the latter’s diminutive silhouette makes space for others. Alia Bhatt is nothing like Amitabh Bachchan yet Bala insists that she is, for she has the jigra.

On multiple levels, it is the truth. There has hardly been another female actor in recent times who has altered the mechanics of mainstream Hindi cinema with as much commitment as Bhatt has. Her choices are subversive, her craft is unmatched and they have resulted in unorthodox films garnering box office success — a union as rare as it gets. There is also the courage to turn into a producer and take the chance on herself (Jigra, like Darlings, is co-produced by her company) in a patriarchal film industry where female actors are still associated with limited shelf lives. And then, there is the courage to anchor a film like Jigra that tracks the distance a sister will cover to protect her sibling, and in the process lends a distinct femininity to the idea of heroism by revealing its roots to be knee-jerk desperation and not choreographed combat.

Commit message:

Score is now a slice called scores

content/reviews/jigra-6.md, after:

+++
critics = ["Ishita Sengupta"]
date = 2024-10-12T08:24:48+05:30
draft = false
img = "jigra-6.webp"
media = "print"
mreviews = ["Jigra"]
opening = ""
scores = [7.5]
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/jigra-alia-bhatt-in-as-the-angry-young-woman/c753b582a2198"
subtitle = "Alia Bhatt In And As The Angry Young Woman"
title = "Jigra"
+++

In Vasan Bala’s Jigra (Courage) Alia Bhatt is Amitabh Bachchan. The suggestion seems both foolish and foolhardy, not least because both actors have disparate, almost contrasting, physicalities. They act differently, they react differently. And more crucially, a punch lands on them differently. If Bachchan in his youth stumbled upon being hit, then Bhatt crumples like a paper bag. If the former’s daunting presence intimidates the frame then the latter’s diminutive silhouette makes space for others. Alia Bhatt is nothing like Amitabh Bachchan yet Bala insists that she is, for she has the jigra.

On multiple levels, it is the truth. There has hardly been another female actor in recent times who has altered the mechanics of mainstream Hindi cinema with as much commitment as Bhatt has. Her choices are subversive, her craft is unmatched and they have resulted in unorthodox films garnering box office success — a union as rare as it gets. There is also the courage to turn into a producer and take the chance on herself (Jigra, like Darlings, is co-produced by her company) in a patriarchal film industry where female actors are still associated with limited shelf lives. And then, there is the courage to anchor a film like Jigra that tracks the distance a sister will cover to protect her sibling, and in the process lends a distinct femininity to the idea of heroism by revealing its roots to be knee-jerk desperation and not choreographed combat.
