content/reviews/jugnuma-3.md, before:

+++
title = "Jugnuma"
translatedTitle = 'The Fable'
date = 2025-09-12T18:47:21+05:30
draft = false
mreviews = ["Jugnuma"]
critics = ['Shubhra Gupta']
publication = ''
subtitle = "Manoj Bajpayee delivers one of his all-time best performances"
opening = "Manoj Bajpayee-starrer is at it most piercing when it is gentle. It weaves in the prosaic, the quotidian, with quiet strokes of magical realism."
img = 'jugnuma-3.png'
media = 'print'
source = "https://indianexpress.com/article/entertainment/movie-review/jugnuma-the-fable-movie-review-manoj-bajpayee-one-of-his-all-time-best-performances-10245173/"
score = 7
+++

Some films come up to you, and slowly draw you in, until you are firmly within their spell. This is what happened to me when I watched ‘Jugnuma: The Fable’ : the quality of life being lived in the slow lane — the film is set in 1989, in the upper reaches of the Uttarakhand hills — where nothing much seems to happen, one day passing uneventfully into another, is ruptured by the growing feeling of something more, something elemental, something beyond our grasp. What writer and director Raam Reddy, with the help of cinematographer Sunil Borkar, and a cast which is one with the plan, has managed to pull off is quite remarkable. The two-hour film weaves in the prosaic, the quotidian, with quiet strokes of magical realism, leaving us wondering about our world, and the tantalising possibility of other worlds.

Commit message:

Score is now a slice called scores

content/reviews/jugnuma-3.md, after:

+++
critics = ["Shubhra Gupta"]
date = 2025-09-12T18:47:21+05:30
draft = false
img = "jugnuma-3.png"
media = "print"
mreviews = ["Jugnuma"]
opening = "Manoj Bajpayee-starrer is at it most piercing when it is gentle. It weaves in the prosaic, the quotidian, with quiet strokes of magical realism."
publication = ""
scores = [7]
source = "https://indianexpress.com/article/entertainment/movie-review/jugnuma-the-fable-movie-review-manoj-bajpayee-one-of-his-all-time-best-performances-10245173/"
subtitle = "Manoj Bajpayee delivers one of his all-time best performances"
title = "Jugnuma"
translatedTitle = "The Fable"
+++

Some films come up to you, and slowly draw you in, until you are firmly within their spell. This is what happened to me when I watched ‘Jugnuma: The Fable’ : the quality of life being lived in the slow lane — the film is set in 1989, in the upper reaches of the Uttarakhand hills — where nothing much seems to happen, one day passing uneventfully into another, is ruptured by the growing feeling of something more, something elemental, something beyond our grasp. What writer and director Raam Reddy, with the help of cinematographer Sunil Borkar, and a cast which is one with the plan, has managed to pull off is quite remarkable. The two-hour film weaves in the prosaic, the quotidian, with quiet strokes of magical realism, leaving us wondering about our world, and the tantalising possibility of other worlds.
