content/reviews/kaantha-2.md, before:

+++
title = "Kaantha"
date = 2025-11-15T18:41:38+05:30
draft = false
mreviews = ["Kaantha"]
critics = ['Aditya Shrikrishna']
publication = 'OTT Play'
subtitle = "Selvamani Selvaraj Film Is A Gorgeous, Ferocious Duel Between Artist & Ego"
opening = "As a sophomore effort, Kaantha is the most gorgeous-looking Tamil film of the year. Films about films can be tricky, and by focusing on the personal, Selvaraj delivers a memorable if uneven film."
img = 'kaantha-2.png'
media = 'print'
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/kaantha-selvamani-selvaraj-dulquer-salmaan-film-gorgeous-ferocious-duel-between-artist-ego/d67e1386ba929"
score = 7
+++

The opening credits of Selvamani Selvaraj’s Kaantha play over behind-the-scenes photographs of classic South Indian cinema from an era when films were mostly made in Madras and a handful of studios produced all movies. These were Modern Theatres (based in Salem), AVM, Gemini Studios, Vijaya Vauhini and Prasad, and the artists and producers tied to these studios made films across Tamil, Telugu and even Hindi. Kaantha creates the fictitious Modern Studios headed by a young second-generation producer, Martin Prabhakaran (Ravindra Vijay), and borrows the “Thiruchengodu” from the real-life Modern Theatres founder TR Sundaram and gives it to its protagonist TK Mahadevan, played by Dulquer Salmaan. We enter Kaantha in media res, the dramatic stakes already high at the epicentre of the conflict. Ayya (Samuthirakani), a modest filmmaker, is still waiting to make his shelved magnum opus 'Shaantha' — a horror film based on his mother — and the current sensation (and Ayya’s apprentice turned nemesis) TK Mahadevan’s willingness is all it takes to get it back on the floors. After a quick conversation in Martin’s office with Ayya, Kaantha starts off on day one of the shoot with Ayya and Mahadevan’s hostility fresh and glistening.

Ad

Commit message:

Score is now a slice called scores

content/reviews/kaantha-2.md, after:

+++
critics = ["Aditya Shrikrishna"]
date = 2025-11-15T18:41:38+05:30
draft = false
img = "kaantha-2.png"
media = "print"
mreviews = ["Kaantha"]
opening = "As a sophomore effort, Kaantha is the most gorgeous-looking Tamil film of the year. Films about films can be tricky, and by focusing on the personal, Selvaraj delivers a memorable if uneven film."
publication = "OTT Play"
scores = [7]
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/kaantha-selvamani-selvaraj-dulquer-salmaan-film-gorgeous-ferocious-duel-between-artist-ego/d67e1386ba929"
subtitle = "Selvamani Selvaraj Film Is A Gorgeous, Ferocious Duel Between Artist & Ego"
title = "Kaantha"
+++

The opening credits of Selvamani Selvaraj’s Kaantha play over behind-the-scenes photographs of classic South Indian cinema from an era when films were mostly made in Madras and a handful of studios produced all movies. These were Modern Theatres (based in Salem), AVM, Gemini Studios, Vijaya Vauhini and Prasad, and the artists and producers tied to these studios made films across Tamil, Telugu and even Hindi. Kaantha creates the fictitious Modern Studios headed by a young second-generation producer, Martin Prabhakaran (Ravindra Vijay), and borrows the “Thiruchengodu” from the real-life Modern Theatres founder TR Sundaram and gives it to its protagonist TK Mahadevan, played by Dulquer Salmaan. We enter Kaantha in media res, the dramatic stakes already high at the epicentre of the conflict. Ayya (Samuthirakani), a modest filmmaker, is still waiting to make his shelved magnum opus 'Shaantha' — a horror film based on his mother — and the current sensation (and Ayya’s apprentice turned nemesis) TK Mahadevan’s willingness is all it takes to get it back on the floors. After a quick conversation in Martin’s office with Ayya, Kaantha starts off on day one of the shoot with Ayya and Mahadevan’s hostility fresh and glistening.

Ad
