content/reviews/kankhajura-8.md, before:

+++
title = "Kankhajura"
date = 2025-06-02T12:39:24+05:30
draft = false
mreviews = ["Kankhajura"]
critics = ['Ishita Sengupta']
publication = 'OTT Play'
subtitle = "A Toothless Series About Vindication"
opening = "The eight-episode series by Chandan Arora takes some interesting strands and instead of crafting a compelling psychological drama, dunks them in the excess of a thriller."
img = 'kankhajura-8.webp'
media = 'print'
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/kankhajura-is-a-toothless-series-about-vindication/ce39dbb318255"
score = 4
+++

In Chandan Arora's Kankhajura, an actor is pitted against the show. This isn’t the story, but the effect. Roshan Mathew plays the protagonist and delivers a performance that is at once suited to the presumed complexity of the series and at odds with the inert ambition of it. The bravura turn uplifts Arora’s work, prompting a reading of what it could have been had it strived harder, and underlines its failure to match up to the merit of its protagonist. Arora is Ashu, a timid young man who stutters when anxious. And, he is anxious all the time. His eyes are perpetually lowered, and his back is slouched like he is pinned against the wall. His defeatist body language suggests decades of bullying, and yet, he was imprisoned for killing someone. The only person who gets him going is his brother, Max (Mohit Raina), a flamboyant builder dissimilar to his sibling in every way. Max is ambitious and reassured, forceful and scheming.

Commit message:

Score is now a slice called scores

content/reviews/kankhajura-8.md, after:

+++
critics = ["Ishita Sengupta"]
date = 2025-06-02T12:39:24+05:30
draft = false
img = "kankhajura-8.webp"
media = "print"
mreviews = ["Kankhajura"]
opening = "The eight-episode series by Chandan Arora takes some interesting strands and instead of crafting a compelling psychological drama, dunks them in the excess of a thriller."
publication = "OTT Play"
scores = [4]
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/kankhajura-is-a-toothless-series-about-vindication/ce39dbb318255"
subtitle = "A Toothless Series About Vindication"
title = "Kankhajura"
+++

In Chandan Arora's Kankhajura, an actor is pitted against the show. This isn’t the story, but the effect. Roshan Mathew plays the protagonist and delivers a performance that is at once suited to the presumed complexity of the series and at odds with the inert ambition of it. The bravura turn uplifts Arora’s work, prompting a reading of what it could have been had it strived harder, and underlines its failure to match up to the merit of its protagonist. Arora is Ashu, a timid young man who stutters when anxious. And, he is anxious all the time. His eyes are perpetually lowered, and his back is slouched like he is pinned against the wall. His defeatist body language suggests decades of bullying, and yet, he was imprisoned for killing someone. The only person who gets him going is his brother, Max (Mohit Raina), a flamboyant builder dissimilar to his sibling in every way. Max is ambitious and reassured, forceful and scheming.
