content/reviews/kantara-chapter-1-2.md, before:

+++
title = "Kantara A Legend: Chapter 1"
date = 2025-10-02T19:09:33+05:30
draft = false
mreviews = ["Kantara A Legend: Chapter 1"]
critics = ['Subha J Rao']
publication = 'OTT Play'
subtitle = "All Sound & Little Fury"
opening = "Kantara A Legend: Chapter 1 is a visual spectacle with some good performances, but the film suffers from its incohesive writing, simply because the scale takes over in the pursuit to become a pan-India legend."
img = 'kantara-chapter-1-2.webp'
media = 'print'
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/kantara-chapter-1-rishab-shetty-film-all-sound-little-fury/d50a8d73f0936"
score = 6
+++

There's a scene in Kantara (2022) where you know something is going to happen to Guruva, who is Shiva’s cousin. He’s the voice of God, he’s the good one. And, before that, you see flashes of who Guruva is. So when landlord Devendra travels with him, you instinctively know Guruva is going to be the sacrificial lamb. Despite that, when you saw it on screen, the tears flowed. Because, you cared. Because, by then, they’d told you who Guruva is. You know what the loss of that life meant.

Commit message:

Score is now a slice called scores

content/reviews/kantara-chapter-1-2.md, after:

+++
critics = ["Subha J Rao"]
date = 2025-10-02T19:09:33+05:30
draft = false
img = "kantara-chapter-1-2.webp"
media = "print"
mreviews = ["Kantara A Legend: Chapter 1"]
opening = "Kantara A Legend: Chapter 1 is a visual spectacle with some good performances, but the film suffers from its incohesive writing, simply because the scale takes over in the pursuit to become a pan-India legend."
publication = "OTT Play"
scores = [6]
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/kantara-chapter-1-rishab-shetty-film-all-sound-little-fury/d50a8d73f0936"
subtitle = "All Sound & Little Fury"
title = "Kantara A Legend: Chapter 1"
+++

There's a scene in Kantara (2022) where you know something is going to happen to Guruva, who is Shiva’s cousin. He’s the voice of God, he’s the good one. And, before that, you see flashes of who Guruva is. So when landlord Devendra travels with him, you instinctively know Guruva is going to be the sacrificial lamb. Despite that, when you saw it on screen, the tears flowed. Because, you cared. Because, by then, they’d told you who Guruva is. You know what the loss of that life meant.
