content/reviews/kishkindhapuri.md, before:

+++
title = "Kishkindhapuri"
date = 2025-09-12T18:58:06+05:30
draft = false
mreviews = ["Kishkindhapuri"]
critics = ['Srivathsan Nadadhur']
publication = 'The Hindu'
subtitle = "Bellamkonda Sreenivas’ horror thriller is watchable, but plays it safe"
opening = "Though director Koushik Pegallapati’s Telugu film offers a potent mix of drama, horror, humour and thrills, it doesn’t rise above the sum of its parts"
img = 'kishkindhapuri.jpg'
media = 'print'
source = "https://www.thehindu.com/entertainment/movies/kishkindhapuri-movie-review-bellamkonda-sreenivas-and-anupama-parameswarans-horror-thriller-is-watchable/article70037199.ece"
score = 5
+++

Film after film, horror enthusiasts continue to get a raw deal as storytellers lazily rehash old tropes for cheap thrills — a haunted house, mysterious deaths, a ghost with a flashback, a possessed woman, and a man who braves it all to end the menace. However, Kishkindhapuri is at least forthright about not being any different, embracing its masala mishmash exterior earnestly. Kishkindhapuri, while showcasing glimpses of a tragedy at a radio station in the 1980s, shifts to a contemporary timeline with the story of a much-in-love couple, Raghav (Bellamkonda Sreenivas) and Mythili (Anupama Parameswaran), who offer spooky experiences in haunted houses through their ghost walking tours. The tours, while deceptively curated, bank more on their participants’ fears.

Commit message:

Score is now a slice called scores

content/reviews/kishkindhapuri.md, after:

+++
critics = ["Srivathsan Nadadhur"]
date = 2025-09-12T18:58:06+05:30
draft = false
img = "kishkindhapuri.jpg"
media = "print"
mreviews = ["Kishkindhapuri"]
opening = "Though director Koushik Pegallapati’s Telugu film offers a potent mix of drama, horror, humour and thrills, it doesn’t rise above the sum of its parts"
publication = "The Hindu"
scores = [5]
source = "https://www.thehindu.com/entertainment/movies/kishkindhapuri-movie-review-bellamkonda-sreenivas-and-anupama-parameswarans-horror-thriller-is-watchable/article70037199.ece"
subtitle = "Bellamkonda Sreenivas’ horror thriller is watchable, but plays it safe"
title = "Kishkindhapuri"
+++

Film after film, horror enthusiasts continue to get a raw deal as storytellers lazily rehash old tropes for cheap thrills — a haunted house, mysterious deaths, a ghost with a flashback, a possessed woman, and a man who braves it all to end the menace. However, Kishkindhapuri is at least forthright about not being any different, embracing its masala mishmash exterior earnestly. Kishkindhapuri, while showcasing glimpses of a tragedy at a radio station in the 1980s, shifts to a contemporary timeline with the story of a much-in-love couple, Raghav (Bellamkonda Sreenivas) and Mythili (Anupama Parameswaran), who offer spooky experiences in haunted houses through their ghost walking tours. The tours, while deceptively curated, bank more on their participants’ fears.
