content/reviews/kiss-wagon.md, before:

+++
title = 'Kiss Wagon'
date = 2024-02-06T23:50:05+05:30
draft = true
mreviews = ['Kiss Wagon']
critics = ['Aswathy Gopalakrishnan']
publication = 'Film Companion'
subtitle = "A Meditation On Love, Civilisation, Violence And Religion"
opening = "Kiss Wagon bears the unmistakable hallmark of an idiosyncratic work meant to be fully decoded only by its creator"
img = 'kiss-wagon.png'
media = 'print'
source = "https://www.filmcompanion.in/reviews/malayalam-review/kiss-wagon-review-a-delightful-and-radical-meditation-on-love-civilisation-violence-and-religion-iffr-midhun-murali"
score = 9
+++

This January, Malayalam cinema saw the convergence of its two extremes. A big-budget drama
featuring a male superstar who wields unassailable influence over the local audience was
released in theatres on the 25th, jolting the film ecosystem out of its lull. Coincidentally, Kiss
Wagon, an experimental feature film directed by Midhun Murali, premiered in IFFRʼs (International
Film Festival of Rotterdam) coveted Tiger Competition section, where it won two prizes– the
FIPRESCI award and the first Special Jury Award.

The silence around Kiss Wagon in the local media isnʼt surprising; rather, it neatly places the film
within the tradition of avant-garde cinema which often finds little recognition on home turf.
Emerging from the realm of digital culture that stretches out infinitely to encompass a variety of
media forms, Kiss Wagon is a delightful intermedial assemblage that resists easy definitions and
descriptions. A DIY filmmaker, Midhun throws caution to the wind, making things up as they
proceed, with no concern for the conventional order and polish demanded by the mainstream
animation film industry. Faceless shadow figures wander in a vibrant world unconstrained by
camera-based realism, where walls, floors, water and the many skies look like they were plucked
from the insides of PlayStation and a toddlerʼs sketchbook.

Commit message:

Score is now a slice called scores

content/reviews/kiss-wagon.md, after:

+++
critics = ["Aswathy Gopalakrishnan"]
date = 2024-02-06T23:50:05+05:30
draft = true
img = "kiss-wagon.png"
media = "print"
mreviews = ["Kiss Wagon"]
opening = "Kiss Wagon bears the unmistakable hallmark of an idiosyncratic work meant to be fully decoded only by its creator"
publication = "Film Companion"
scores = [9]
source = "https://www.filmcompanion.in/reviews/malayalam-review/kiss-wagon-review-a-delightful-and-radical-meditation-on-love-civilisation-violence-and-religion-iffr-midhun-murali"
subtitle = "A Meditation On Love, Civilisation, Violence And Religion"
title = "Kiss Wagon"
+++

This January, Malayalam cinema saw the convergence of its two extremes. A big-budget drama
featuring a male superstar who wields unassailable influence over the local audience was
released in theatres on the 25th, jolting the film ecosystem out of its lull. Coincidentally, Kiss
Wagon, an experimental feature film directed by Midhun Murali, premiered in IFFRʼs (International
Film Festival of Rotterdam) coveted Tiger Competition section, where it won two prizes– the
FIPRESCI award and the first Special Jury Award.

The silence around Kiss Wagon in the local media isnʼt surprising; rather, it neatly places the film
within the tradition of avant-garde cinema which often finds little recognition on home turf.
Emerging from the realm of digital culture that stretches out infinitely to encompass a variety of
media forms, Kiss Wagon is a delightful intermedial assemblage that resists easy definitions and
descriptions. A DIY filmmaker, Midhun throws caution to the wind, making things up as they
proceed, with no concern for the conventional order and polish demanded by the mainstream
animation film industry. Faceless shadow figures wander in a vibrant world unconstrained by
camera-based realism, where walls, floors, water and the many skies look like they were plucked
from the insides of PlayStation and a toddlerʼs sketchbook.
