content/reviews/kull:-the-legacy-of-raisingghs.md, before:

+++
title = "Kull: The Legacy of Raisingghs"
date = 2025-05-03T09:10:20+05:30
draft = false
mreviews = ["Kull: The Legacy of Raisingghs"]
critics = ['Srivathsan Nadadhur']
publication = 'M9 News'
subtitle = "Part Pulpy, Part Clumsy Royal Saga"
opening = ""
img = 'kull-the-legacy-of-raisinghs.webp'
media = 'print'
source = "https://www.m9.news/ott-review/kull-the-legacy-of-raisinghs-series-review/"
score = 5.5
+++

Following the murder of king Chandra Pratap, his children – Indrani, Kavya, and Abhimanyu – are caught in a ruthless tussle for the throne. Tension grips the palace as long-buried secrets are unearthed. The adopted son, Brij, too, vies for power, adding to the twisted web of rivalries and hidden agendas. As the family deals with the king’s death and their ambitions, a series of chilling events unfolds. Kull comes alive predominantly due to a string of underrated performers who get much-deserved limelight through well-fleshed-out characters. Nimrat Kaur, of course, leads the party in the shoes of Indrani, the perennial ice-breaker between her troublesome siblings, who gradually succumbs to her royal and political privileges. Ridhi Dogra delivers a fine performance as the rebellious Kavya.

Commit message:

Score is now a slice called scores

content/reviews/kull:-the-legacy-of-raisingghs.md, after:

+++
critics = ["Srivathsan Nadadhur"]
date = 2025-05-03T09:10:20+05:30
draft = false
img = "kull-the-legacy-of-raisinghs.webp"
media = "print"
mreviews = ["Kull: The Legacy of Raisingghs"]
opening = ""
publication = "M9 News"
scores = [5.5]
source = "https://www.m9.news/ott-review/kull-the-legacy-of-raisinghs-series-review/"
subtitle = "Part Pulpy, Part Clumsy Royal Saga"
title = "Kull: The Legacy of Raisingghs"
+++

Following the murder of king Chandra Pratap, his children – Indrani, Kavya, and Abhimanyu – are caught in a ruthless tussle for the throne. Tension grips the palace as long-buried secrets are unearthed. The adopted son, Brij, too, vies for power, adding to the twisted web of rivalries and hidden agendas. As the family deals with the king’s death and their ambitions, a series of chilling events unfolds. Kull comes alive predominantly due to a string of underrated performers who get much-deserved limelight through well-fleshed-out characters. Nimrat Kaur, of course, leads the party in the shoes of Indrani, the perennial ice-breaker between her troublesome siblings, who gradually succumbs to her royal and political privileges. Ridhi Dogra delivers a fine performance as the rebellious Kavya.
