content/reviews/lilo-&-stitch-2.md, before:

+++
title = "Lilo & Stitch"
date = 2025-05-23T18:20:47+05:30
draft = false
mreviews = ["Lilo & Stitch"]
critics = ['Rahul Desai']
publication = 'OTT Play'
subtitle = "A Rare Disney Remake That’s Hard To Dislike"
opening = "This live-action remake of the timeless 2002 Disney feature-length cartoon is not Pixar-heavy or allegorical; it's just a simple fairytale about misfits uniting to belong in an America on the margins."
img = 'lilo-&-stitch-2.png'
media = 'print'
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/lilo-and-stitch-rare-disney-remake-hard-to-dislike/87fa76b589431"
score = 6
+++

I have my reservations about live-action hybrid remakes of animated Disney classics. I just don’t see the point. The original invariably does a better job of charming newer generations of kids and adults (on smaller screens). The odd tech and VFX updates aside, there’s no real add-on; it’s like watching the capitalisation and credit of cultural interest into a bank account that refuses to invest in the current market. Remaking beats a re-release, sure, but it’s a mighty expensive way of telling the same story twice. The commercialism is grating, especially when the film in question is a cutesy childhood fable about the wonders of being young. But the most pressing question surrounding this remake/adaptation cycle is: Have we run out of imagination? Is there no will to create something new?

Commit message:

Score is now a slice called scores

content/reviews/lilo-&-stitch-2.md, after:

+++
critics = ["Rahul Desai"]
date = 2025-05-23T18:20:47+05:30
draft = false
img = "lilo-&-stitch-2.png"
media = "print"
mreviews = ["Lilo & Stitch"]
opening = "This live-action remake of the timeless 2002 Disney feature-length cartoon is not Pixar-heavy or allegorical; it's just a simple fairytale about misfits uniting to belong in an America on the margins."
publication = "OTT Play"
scores = [6]
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/lilo-and-stitch-rare-disney-remake-hard-to-dislike/87fa76b589431"
subtitle = "A Rare Disney Remake That’s Hard To Dislike"
title = "Lilo & Stitch"
+++

I have my reservations about live-action hybrid remakes of animated Disney classics. I just don’t see the point. The original invariably does a better job of charming newer generations of kids and adults (on smaller screens). The odd tech and VFX updates aside, there’s no real add-on; it’s like watching the capitalisation and credit of cultural interest into a bank account that refuses to invest in the current market. Remaking beats a re-release, sure, but it’s a mighty expensive way of telling the same story twice. The commercialism is grating, especially when the film in question is a cutesy childhood fable about the wonders of being young. But the most pressing question surrounding this remake/adaptation cycle is: Have we run out of imagination? Is there no will to create something new?
