content/reviews/maalik-12.md, before:

+++
title = "Maalik"
date = 2025-07-11T10:51:00+05:30
draft = false
mreviews = ["Maalik"]
critics = ['Ishita Sengupta']
publication = 'OTT Play'
subtitle = "Rajkummar Rao Falls Flat In This Same Old Story"
opening = "Pulkit's Maalik is like most Hindi films, taking a shot through gratuitous violence to earn billions at the box office. Brutality abounds in the story, and the purpose of it is brutality itself."
img = 'maalik-12.png'
media = 'print'
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/maalik-rajkummar-rao-falls-flat-in-this-same-old-story/9917483aad124"
score = 2
+++

We are living in dire times. Films are being made by the dozen, and none can be told apart. Generic music is the norm, and graphic, violent visuals leak from one Friday to the next. This trifecta of male rage, ruthlessness and sad music has been reiterated with such force and abandon that a deep insensitivity has cultivated in both the makers and the audience. A splash of blood doesn’t cut it anymore; a jab of a knife doesn’t do the job. People cannot be gunned down. They need to be murdered, sliced and butchered. They need to really, really die for the hero to be sated and the audience to cheer. When violence assumed such glamour is hard to pinpoint, but the continued success of most actioners, each centring on a bloodthirsty lead, is spawning iterations of the same. And each male actor is trying their chances at it. Rajkummar Rao does the same in Maalik, a film so imitative that it could be the synonym of ‘derivative’.

Commit message:

Score is now a slice called scores

content/reviews/maalik-12.md, after:

+++
critics = ["Ishita Sengupta"]
date = 2025-07-11T10:51:00+05:30
draft = false
img = "maalik-12.png"
media = "print"
mreviews = ["Maalik"]
opening = "Pulkit's Maalik is like most Hindi films, taking a shot through gratuitous violence to earn billions at the box office. Brutality abounds in the story, and the purpose of it is brutality itself."
publication = "OTT Play"
scores = [2]
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/maalik-rajkummar-rao-falls-flat-in-this-same-old-story/9917483aad124"
subtitle = "Rajkummar Rao Falls Flat In This Same Old Story"
title = "Maalik"
+++

We are living in dire times. Films are being made by the dozen, and none can be told apart. Generic music is the norm, and graphic, violent visuals leak from one Friday to the next. This trifecta of male rage, ruthlessness and sad music has been reiterated with such force and abandon that a deep insensitivity has cultivated in both the makers and the audience. A splash of blood doesn’t cut it anymore; a jab of a knife doesn’t do the job. People cannot be gunned down. They need to be murdered, sliced and butchered. They need to really, really die for the hero to be sated and the audience to cheer. When violence assumed such glamour is hard to pinpoint, but the continued success of most actioners, each centring on a bloodthirsty lead, is spawning iterations of the same. And each male actor is trying their chances at it. Rajkummar Rao does the same in Maalik, a film so imitative that it could be the synonym of ‘derivative’.
