content/reviews/manvat-murders-2.md, before:

+++
title = 'Manvat Murders'
date = 2024-10-04T20:54:47+05:30
draft = false
mreviews = ['Manvat Murders']
critics = ['Rahul Desai']
subtitle = 'A Bland Retelling of a Brutal True-crime Chapter'
opening = 'In creating its own version of justice and resolution, the series trivialises the anatomy of the crimes.'
img = 'manvat-murders-2.webp'
source = 'https://www.hollywoodreporterindia.com/reviews/streaming/manvat-murders-review-a-bland-retelling-of-a-brutal-true-crime-chapter'
media = 'print'
score = 4
+++

Being a true-crime drama in the Indian streaming landscape is like being an aspiring batsman in India’s cramped bylanes and crowded fields. Everybody is one — and everybody is advised to be one. Consequently, it’s harder to stand out. The default level has to be high: an engrossing story, a solid cast, a sense of place and time, technical competence. Most shows opt for an atmospheric setting to conceal a convoluted plot; the logic is that a visually striking tone will compensate for pacing and structural issues. In other words, the style can distract from a lack of substance. But Manvat Murders, helmed by Aatmapamphlet (2023) director Ashish Avinash Bende, is a Marathi-language series that does the reverse.

Commit message:

Score is now a slice called scores

content/reviews/manvat-murders-2.md, after:

+++
critics = ["Rahul Desai"]
date = 2024-10-04T20:54:47+05:30
draft = false
img = "manvat-murders-2.webp"
media = "print"
mreviews = ["Manvat Murders"]
opening = "In creating its own version of justice and resolution, the series trivialises the anatomy of the crimes."
scores = [4]
source = "https://www.hollywoodreporterindia.com/reviews/streaming/manvat-murders-review-a-bland-retelling-of-a-brutal-true-crime-chapter"
subtitle = "A Bland Retelling of a Brutal True-crime Chapter"
title = "Manvat Murders"
+++

Being a true-crime drama in the Indian streaming landscape is like being an aspiring batsman in India’s cramped bylanes and crowded fields. Everybody is one — and everybody is advised to be one. Consequently, it’s harder to stand out. The default level has to be high: an engrossing story, a solid cast, a sense of place and time, technical competence. Most shows opt for an atmospheric setting to conceal a convoluted plot; the logic is that a visually striking tone will compensate for pacing and structural issues. In other words, the style can distract from a lack of substance. But Manvat Murders, helmed by Aatmapamphlet (2023) director Ashish Avinash Bende, is a Marathi-language series that does the reverse.
