content/reviews/mayasabha--rise-of-the-titans-4.md, before:

+++
title = "Mayasabha - Rise of the Titans"
date = 2025-08-09T21:43:05+05:30
draft = false
mreviews = ["Mayasabha - Rise of the Titans"]
critics = ['Srivathsan Nadadhur']
publication = 'Binged'
subtitle = "A Smart Blend of Reality and Fiction"
opening = ""
img = 'mayasabha--rise-of-the-titans-4.jpg'
media = 'print'
source = "https://www.binged.com/reviews/mayasabha-web-series-review/"
score = 6
+++

Born to a humble farmer, Krishnama Naidu is a rebellious son with firm views on society and justice, nursing political ambitions. Rami Reddy, an MBBS student, is trying to outgrow the shadow of his father, a notorious goon. A national emergency is declared by the authoritarian PM Iravati Basu, and as Andhra Pradesh descends into chaos, a change in order seems imminent. Aadhi Pinisetty delivers a fabulous performance as KKN, showcasing his evolution as a tactful leader and as a man of many dimensions. He brings authority to Naidu’s persona while making the character relatable to the viewer. Playing Rami Reddy, an unlikely entrant in politics, Chaitanya Rao Madadi lends enthusiasm and agility to the portrayal.

Commit message:

Score is now a slice called scores

content/reviews/mayasabha--rise-of-the-titans-4.md, after:

+++
critics = ["Srivathsan Nadadhur"]
date = 2025-08-09T21:43:05+05:30
draft = false
img = "mayasabha--rise-of-the-titans-4.jpg"
media = "print"
mreviews = ["Mayasabha - Rise of the Titans"]
opening = ""
publication = "Binged"
scores = [6]
source = "https://www.binged.com/reviews/mayasabha-web-series-review/"
subtitle = "A Smart Blend of Reality and Fiction"
title = "Mayasabha - Rise of the Titans"
+++

Born to a humble farmer, Krishnama Naidu is a rebellious son with firm views on society and justice, nursing political ambitions. Rami Reddy, an MBBS student, is trying to outgrow the shadow of his father, a notorious goon. A national emergency is declared by the authoritarian PM Iravati Basu, and as Andhra Pradesh descends into chaos, a change in order seems imminent. Aadhi Pinisetty delivers a fabulous performance as KKN, showcasing his evolution as a tactful leader and as a man of many dimensions. He brings authority to Naidu’s persona while making the character relatable to the viewer. Playing Rami Reddy, an unlikely entrant in politics, Chaitanya Rao Madadi lends enthusiasm and agility to the portrayal.
