content/reviews/mistry-3.md, before:

+++
title = "Mistry"
date = 2025-06-27T12:33:05+05:30
draft = false
mreviews = ["Mistry"]
critics = ['Ishita Sengupta']
publication = 'OTT Play'
subtitle = "A Soulless Adaptation Of Monk"
opening = "In Mistry, director Rishab Seth reimagines the popular American drama Monk in an Indian setting but waters down everything that made the procedural drama fun, resulting in a damp squib of a series."
img = 'mistry-3.png'
media = 'print'
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/mistry-is-a-soulless-adaptation-of-monk/aa69a6d509964"
score = 4
+++

The current landscape of the Hindi language streaming space is so dire that for every bad show, there is something worse waiting in the wings. This not just complicates comparisons but makes objective criticism impossible. For every “this is really the worst show” thought in your head, there is another informed thought that counters with “but don’t you remember that?” Mistry, the new JioHotstar show, is a little of this and that. Which is to say, it is an objectively bad series, but a worse series than it exists. Directed by Rishab Seth, Mistry is the remake of the popular American drama Monk. And while Seth reimagines it in an Indian setting, he also waters down everything fun in the procedural drama, making a damp squib of a series. The premise is the same: a detective with obsessive-compulsive disorder, grappling with the sudden death of his wife, helps the police force to solve cases. Much of the allure of Monk resided in its character development and in using humour not as a means to make light of mental illness, but as a vessel to make it accessible. Mistry goes for cheap thrills.

Commit message:

Score is now a slice called scores

content/reviews/mistry-3.md, after:

+++
critics = ["Ishita Sengupta"]
date = 2025-06-27T12:33:05+05:30
draft = false
img = "mistry-3.png"
media = "print"
mreviews = ["Mistry"]
opening = "In Mistry, director Rishab Seth reimagines the popular American drama Monk in an Indian setting but waters down everything that made the procedural drama fun, resulting in a damp squib of a series."
publication = "OTT Play"
scores = [4]
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/mistry-is-a-soulless-adaptation-of-monk/aa69a6d509964"
subtitle = "A Soulless Adaptation Of Monk"
title = "Mistry"
+++

The current landscape of the Hindi language streaming space is so dire that for every bad show, there is something worse waiting in the wings. This not just complicates comparisons but makes objective criticism impossible. For every “this is really the worst show” thought in your head, there is another informed thought that counters with “but don’t you remember that?” Mistry, the new JioHotstar show, is a little of this and that. Which is to say, it is an objectively bad series, but a worse series than it exists. Directed by Rishab Seth, Mistry is the remake of the popular American drama Monk. And while Seth reimagines it in an Indian setting, he also waters down everything fun in the procedural drama, making a damp squib of a series. The premise is the same: a detective with obsessive-compulsive disorder, grappling with the sudden death of his wife, helps the police force to solve cases. Much of the allure of Monk resided in its character development and in using humour not as a means to make light of mental illness, but as a vessel to make it accessible. Mistry goes for cheap thrills.
