content/reviews/mufasa:-the-lion-king-4.md, before:

+++
title = 'Mufasa: The Lion King'
date = 2024-12-22T22:09:36+05:30
draft = false
mreviews = ['Mufasa: The Lion King']
critics = ['Rahul Desai']
publication = 'OTT Play'
subtitle = "The Lion King Is A Disney-Sized Waste Of Director Barry Jenkins"
opening = "I’m not sure what happened during the four years of making Mufasa, but I don’t see the point of putting so much work, passion, sweat, and life into something that’s already been done before."
img = 'mufasa-the-lion-king-4.png'
media = 'print'
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/mufasa-the-lion-king-disney-sized-waste-of-director-barry-jenkins/c36b7781c6400?sfnsn=wiwspwa"
score = 4
+++

While watching Mufasa: The Lion King, all I could think about was this: 4 precious years of Barry Jenkins’ career were spent in front of Disney green screens and sound stages to not even create something madly original? Don’t get me wrong, I’m not against effects-driven or photo-realistically animated movies; visionaries like Peter Jackson and James Cameron have redefined the relationship between technology and storytelling over the years. But Disney? Another Lion King film? My viewing experience was laced with the frustration of realising that yet another Hollywood studio franchise was doing wasteful Hollywood things.

Commit message:

Score is now a slice called scores

content/reviews/mufasa:-the-lion-king-4.md, after:

+++
critics = ["Rahul Desai"]
date = 2024-12-22T22:09:36+05:30
draft = false
img = "mufasa-the-lion-king-4.png"
media = "print"
mreviews = ["Mufasa: The Lion King"]
opening = "I’m not sure what happened during the four years of making Mufasa, but I don’t see the point of putting so much work, passion, sweat, and life into something that’s already been done before."
publication = "OTT Play"
scores = [4]
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/mufasa-the-lion-king-disney-sized-waste-of-director-barry-jenkins/c36b7781c6400?sfnsn=wiwspwa"
subtitle = "The Lion King Is A Disney-Sized Waste Of Director Barry Jenkins"
title = "Mufasa: The Lion King"
+++

While watching Mufasa: The Lion King, all I could think about was this: 4 precious years of Barry Jenkins’ career were spent in front of Disney green screens and sound stages to not even create something madly original? Don’t get me wrong, I’m not against effects-driven or photo-realistically animated movies; visionaries like Peter Jackson and James Cameron have redefined the relationship between technology and storytelling over the years. But Disney? Another Lion King film? My viewing experience was laced with the frustration of realising that yet another Hollywood studio franchise was doing wasteful Hollywood things.
