content/reviews/naangal-3.md, before:

+++
title = "Naangal"
date = 2025-04-19T19:09:29+05:30
draft = false
mreviews = ["Naangal"]
critics = ['Aditya Shrikrishna']
publication = 'The Federal'
subtitle = "A haunting memoir of Tamil brothers, steeped in childhood trauma"
opening = "Avinash Prakash’s Tamil feature film charts the story of three preadolescent siblings in Tamil Nadu, who are schooled by their father in the most abusive and emotionally violent ways"
img = 'naangal-3.webp'
media = 'print'
source = "https://thefederal.com/film-reviews/naangal-review-a-haunting-memoir-of-tamil-brothers-steeped-in-childhood-trauma-108509"
score = 7
+++

In Avinash Prakash’s Tamil feature film Naangal which premiered at the International Film Festival Rotterdam this week, time is stretched by a limited set of events as if perched on a non-stop Ferris wheel. They are the same moments with their ups and downs, same life-altering triggers that repeat in a cyclical fashion. Three preadolescent siblings — Karthik (Mithun V, eldest, 13 years old), Dhruv (Rithik Mohan) and Gautam (Nithin D) — live somewhere near Lovedale in the hills of Tamil Nadu with their father (Abdul Rafe as Rajkumar) who owns plantations, a house too huge for four individuals and is the Chairman and Principal of their modest school.

Commit message:

Score is now a slice called scores

content/reviews/naangal-3.md, after:

+++
critics = ["Aditya Shrikrishna"]
date = 2025-04-19T19:09:29+05:30
draft = false
img = "naangal-3.webp"
media = "print"
mreviews = ["Naangal"]
opening = "Avinash Prakash’s Tamil feature film charts the story of three preadolescent siblings in Tamil Nadu, who are schooled by their father in the most abusive and emotionally violent ways"
publication = "The Federal"
scores = [7]
source = "https://thefederal.com/film-reviews/naangal-review-a-haunting-memoir-of-tamil-brothers-steeped-in-childhood-trauma-108509"
subtitle = "A haunting memoir of Tamil brothers, steeped in childhood trauma"
title = "Naangal"
+++

In Avinash Prakash’s Tamil feature film Naangal which premiered at the International Film Festival Rotterdam this week, time is stretched by a limited set of events as if perched on a non-stop Ferris wheel. They are the same moments with their ups and downs, same life-altering triggers that repeat in a cyclical fashion. Three preadolescent siblings — Karthik (Mithun V, eldest, 13 years old), Dhruv (Rithik Mohan) and Gautam (Nithin D) — live somewhere near Lovedale in the hills of Tamil Nadu with their father (Abdul Rafe as Rajkumar) who owns plantations, a house too huge for four individuals and is the Chairman and Principal of their modest school.
