content/reviews/raat-jawaan-hai.md, before:

+++
title = 'Raat Jawaan Hai'
date = 2024-10-11T10:55:49+05:30
draft = false
mreviews = ['Raat Jawaan Hai']
critics = ['Rahul Desai']
subtitle = 'A Heartening Update on the Modern Buddy Movie'
opening = 'The feel-goodness of Raat Jawaan Hai is an organic product of its environment, but it has no neat resolutions or reckonings. Unlike in most young-adult stories, no conflict is curated; not everything is a lifequake.'
img = 'raat-jawaan-hai.webp'
media = 'print'
source = 'https://www.hollywoodreporterindia.com/reviews/streaming/raat-jawaan-hai-review-a-heartening-update-on-the-modern-buddy-movie'
score = 8
+++

Raat Jawaan Hai unfolds as an uncharacteristically warm and vibrant answer to a question popular Hindi cinema is too streamlined to ask: what happens after the end credits of the quintessential buddy comedy have rolled? Call it “Little Things for young parents” or “Dil Chahta Hai for reluctant adults”, but the fact that Raat Jawaan Hai fuses two seemingly exclusive genres of life — the friendship triangle and the marital drama — is, in itself, a minor triumph.

The eight-episode series revolves around three 30-something childhood friends struggling to reclaim their individualism in the throes of early parenthood. It trusts the inherent relatability of its theme, evoking the slice-of-life subgenre of Tu Hai Mera Sunday (2017) rather than the cosmetic excesses of Four More Shots Please! and Jee Karda (2023). The innuendo of the title (which translates to “the night is young”) is a nifty pun because it best embodies the spirit of adulting. With age comes the sobriety of realising that it actually means: “This is only the beginning”.

Commit message:

Score is now a slice called scores

content/reviews/raat-jawaan-hai.md, after:

+++
critics = ["Rahul Desai"]
date = 2024-10-11T10:55:49+05:30
draft = false
img = "raat-jawaan-hai.webp"
media = "print"
mreviews = ["Raat Jawaan Hai"]
opening = "The feel-goodness of Raat Jawaan Hai is an organic product of its environment, but it has no neat resolutions or reckonings. Unlike in most young-adult stories, no conflict is curated; not everything is a lifequake."
scores = [8]
source = "https://www.hollywoodreporterindia.com/reviews/streaming/raat-jawaan-hai-review-a-heartening-update-on-the-modern-buddy-movie"
subtitle = "A Heartening Update on the Modern Buddy Movie"
title = "Raat Jawaan Hai"
+++

Raat Jawaan Hai unfolds as an uncharacteristically warm and vibrant answer to a question popular Hindi cinema is too streamlined to ask: what happens after the end credits of the quintessential buddy comedy have rolled? Call it “Little Things for young parents” or “Dil Chahta Hai for reluctant adults”, but the fact that Raat Jawaan Hai fuses two seemingly exclusive genres of life — the friendship triangle and the marital drama — is, in itself, a minor triumph.

The eight-episode series revolves around three 30-something childhood friends struggling to reclaim their individualism in the throes of early parenthood. It trusts the inherent relatability of its theme, evoking the slice-of-life subgenre of Tu Hai Mera Sunday (2017) rather than the cosmetic excesses of Four More Shots Please! and Jee Karda (2023). The innuendo of the title (which translates to “the night is young”) is a nifty pun because it best embodies the spirit of adulting. With age comes the sobriety of realising that it actually means: “This is only the beginning”.
