content/reviews/retro-6.md, before:

+++
title = "Retro"
date = 2025-05-03T08:56:47+05:30
draft = false
mreviews = ["Retro"]
critics = ['Subha J Rao']
publication = 'OTT Play'
subtitle = "So Much To Love, Very Little To Feel"
opening = "The weakest link in Karthik Subbaraj’s Retro is emotions. You see love, do not feel it; see oppression, not the fire or resignation in the eyes; see oppressors, not beyond their manic energy."
img = 'retro-6.png'
media = 'print'
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/retro-karthik-subbaraj-suriya-so-much-to-live-very-little-to-feel/2e68403850574"
score = 6
+++

You can say many things about a Karthik Subbaraj movie, but one thing you can never accuse it of is being lazy—be it ideation, fine use of technology, great performances, shock value, irony, smart humour, or just the world he creates. And, with every film, you can see that he’s developing a stronger voice on what he wants to say. Jigarthanda DoubleX was an example. But, the one thing that is sorely missing in his films with the same intensity is emotion—that one thing which brings the rest together, and makes them work. Retro, starring an effervescent Suriya, falls in the same category.

Commit message:

Score is now a slice called scores

content/reviews/retro-6.md, after:

+++
critics = ["Subha J Rao"]
date = 2025-05-03T08:56:47+05:30
draft = false
img = "retro-6.png"
media = "print"
mreviews = ["Retro"]
opening = "The weakest link in Karthik Subbaraj’s Retro is emotions. You see love, do not feel it; see oppression, not the fire or resignation in the eyes; see oppressors, not beyond their manic energy."
publication = "OTT Play"
scores = [6]
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/retro-karthik-subbaraj-suriya-so-much-to-live-very-little-to-feel/2e68403850574"
subtitle = "So Much To Love, Very Little To Feel"
title = "Retro"
+++

You can say many things about a Karthik Subbaraj movie, but one thing you can never accuse it of is being lazy—be it ideation, fine use of technology, great performances, shock value, irony, smart humour, or just the world he creates. And, with every film, you can see that he’s developing a stronger voice on what he wants to say. Jigarthanda DoubleX was an example. But, the one thing that is sorely missing in his films with the same intensity is emotion—that one thing which brings the rest together, and makes them work. Retro, starring an effervescent Suriya, falls in the same category.
