content/reviews/sabar-bonda.md, before:

+++
title = "Sabar Bonda"
translatedTitle = "Cactus Pears"
date = 2025-01-31T01:30:33+05:30
draft = false
mreviews = ["Sabar Bonda"]
critics = ['Sucharita Tyagi']
publication = 'Mashable'
subtitle = "An assured debut feature that subverts queer tropes"
opening = "Class stereotypes and compassion collide in this moving drama from India."
img = 'cactus-pears.webp'
media = 'print'
source = "https://mashable.com/article/sabar-bonda-cactus-pears-review"
score = 9
+++

Cactus Pears (_Sabar Bonda_), Rohan Parashuram Kanawade’s semi-autobiographical debut feature about a queer romance experienced amid mourning is the only movie from India competing at the Sundance Film Festival. The story of love and grief in a rural setting came to Kanawade while coping with his own father’s death, as he wondered how different processing the loss might have felt if he had a companion with whom to escape. Regardless of the competition’s outcome in the World Cinema Dramatic category, this movie is already historic as the first Marathi-language film to premiere at the festival. Using the word "disruptive" doesn’t feel quite accurate for Cactus Pears, yet there is something tenderly disruptive in this compelling drama, an undeniable rebellion running through its DNA. Open and uninhibited expressions of love are not encouraged in most Indian households, especially when either the receiver or giver is a man. It may be a bit of a generalization, but most Indian patriarchs raise the male members of their families to become disciplinarians and household bosses. Hints of soft and tender emotions only get in the way.

Commit message:

Score is now a slice called scores

content/reviews/sabar-bonda.md, after:

+++
critics = ["Sucharita Tyagi"]
date = 2025-01-31T01:30:33+05:30
draft = false
img = "cactus-pears.webp"
media = "print"
mreviews = ["Sabar Bonda"]
opening = "Class stereotypes and compassion collide in this moving drama from India."
publication = "Mashable"
scores = [9]
source = "https://mashable.com/article/sabar-bonda-cactus-pears-review"
subtitle = "An assured debut feature that subverts queer tropes"
title = "Sabar Bonda"
translatedTitle = "Cactus Pears"
+++

Cactus Pears (_Sabar Bonda_), Rohan Parashuram Kanawade’s semi-autobiographical debut feature about a queer romance experienced amid mourning is the only movie from India competing at the Sundance Film Festival. The story of love and grief in a rural setting came to Kanawade while coping with his own father’s death, as he wondered how different processing the loss might have felt if he had a companion with whom to escape. Regardless of the competition’s outcome in the World Cinema Dramatic category, this movie is already historic as the first Marathi-language film to premiere at the festival. Using the word "disruptive" doesn’t feel quite accurate for Cactus Pears, yet there is something tenderly disruptive in this compelling drama, an undeniable rebellion running through its DNA. Open and uninhibited expressions of love are not encouraged in most Indian households, especially when either the receiver or giver is a man. It may be a bit of a generalization, but most Indian patriarchs raise the male members of their families to become disciplinarians and household bosses. Hints of soft and tender emotions only get in the way.
