content/reviews/saiyaara-11.md, before:

+++
title = "Saiyaara"
date = 2025-07-19T23:07:25+05:30
draft = false
mreviews = ["Saiyaara"]
critics = ['Ishita Sengupta']
publication = 'OTT Play'
subtitle = "A Star Is Born"
opening = "With Saiyaara, Mohit Suri captures the feeling of sinking in love through the musicality of a heartbreak, and it has been a while since a Hindi film let itself fall."
img = 'saiyaara-11.png'
media = 'print'
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/saiyaara-mohit-suri-ahaan-panday-aneet-padda-a-star-is-born/5858c21e8a616"
score = 7
+++

Great loves look ordinary in close-ups. A man having black coffee because someone he loved liked it; a woman keeping the other side of her bed empty for days. A boy abandoning his future to take care of someone he loves; a girl refusing care to protect the person she loves. These are familiar stories of regular people, more common than one imagines. But there is greatness still, less in the falling and more in the telling, and few filmmakers do it like Mohit Suri. This is not to say that he has always been successful. If anything, the opposite is true. Suri’s filmography is dotted with variations of a similar kind of love story, and in the last couple of years, the balance has been scattered. It has been either too bizarre (Ek Villain Returns), too outlandish (Half Girlfriend) or too morose (Hamari Adhuri Kahani). Individually, these are peak attributes of a Mohit Suri film, and yet it took a while (more than a decade since Aashiqui 2) for things to fall into place, and then — rejoice!

Commit message:

Score is now a slice called scores

content/reviews/saiyaara-11.md, after:

+++
critics = ["Ishita Sengupta"]
date = 2025-07-19T23:07:25+05:30
draft = false
img = "saiyaara-11.png"
media = "print"
mreviews = ["Saiyaara"]
opening = "With Saiyaara, Mohit Suri captures the feeling of sinking in love through the musicality of a heartbreak, and it has been a while since a Hindi film let itself fall."
publication = "OTT Play"
scores = [7]
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/saiyaara-mohit-suri-ahaan-panday-aneet-padda-a-star-is-born/5858c21e8a616"
subtitle = "A Star Is Born"
title = "Saiyaara"
+++

Great loves look ordinary in close-ups. A man having black coffee because someone he loved liked it; a woman keeping the other side of her bed empty for days. A boy abandoning his future to take care of someone he loves; a girl refusing care to protect the person she loves. These are familiar stories of regular people, more common than one imagines. But there is greatness still, less in the falling and more in the telling, and few filmmakers do it like Mohit Suri. This is not to say that he has always been successful. If anything, the opposite is true. Suri’s filmography is dotted with variations of a similar kind of love story, and in the last couple of years, the balance has been scattered. It has been either too bizarre (Ek Villain Returns), too outlandish (Half Girlfriend) or too morose (Hamari Adhuri Kahani). Individually, these are peak attributes of a Mohit Suri film, and yet it took a while (more than a decade since Aashiqui 2) for things to fall into place, and then — rejoice!
