content/reviews/sarbala-ji.md, before:

+++
title = "Sarbala Ji"
date = 2025-07-19T23:19:26+05:30
draft = false
mreviews = ["Sarbala Ji"]
critics = ['Sukhpreet Kahlon']
publication = 'The Indian Express'
subtitle = "Wedding drama meets comic chaos in this Gippy Grewal-Ammy Virk family entertainer"
opening = "Nimrat Khaira and Ammy Virk steal the show in this hilarious multi-starrer that despite a few hiccups, is a laugh riot."
img = 'sarbala-ji.webp'
media = 'print'
source = "https://indianexpress.com/article/entertainment/movie-review/sarbala-ji-movie-review-wedding-drama-meets-comic-chaos-in-this-gippy-grewal-ammy-virk-family-entertainer-10134425/"
score = 8
+++

Punjabis are perhaps most associated with their loud, fun weddings and the multi-starrer featuring Gippy Grewal, Sargun Mehta, Ammy Virk, Nimrat Khaira, Sarbala Ji (2025), makes this the perfect setting for a complete entertainer. Directed by Mandeep Kumar, the film weaves together comedy, drama and romance in a pre-Partition setting. Cousins Sucha Singh (Gippy Grewal) and Gajjan Singh (Ammy Virk) are like chalk and cheese. Sucha Singh is the life of every wedding while Gajjan shies away from marriage, being more interested in embroidery stitches and crochet. When flirtation with Rajjo (Sargun Mehta) leads Sucha to a pronouncement that he is never to marry, he is utterly dismayed. Meanwhile, Gajjan is all set to marry Pyaaro (Nimrat Khaira) who is far from being the docile, embroidery-loving woman that he dreams of. Content with working at the farm, and shunning housework, Pyaaro is completely smitten and transformed in love, eager to marry her beau. However, there are few twists and turns to be navigated.

Commit message:

Score is now a slice called scores

content/reviews/sarbala-ji.md, after:

+++
critics = ["Sukhpreet Kahlon"]
date = 2025-07-19T23:19:26+05:30
draft = false
img = "sarbala-ji.webp"
media = "print"
mreviews = ["Sarbala Ji"]
opening = "Nimrat Khaira and Ammy Virk steal the show in this hilarious multi-starrer that despite a few hiccups, is a laugh riot."
publication = "The Indian Express"
scores = [8]
source = "https://indianexpress.com/article/entertainment/movie-review/sarbala-ji-movie-review-wedding-drama-meets-comic-chaos-in-this-gippy-grewal-ammy-virk-family-entertainer-10134425/"
subtitle = "Wedding drama meets comic chaos in this Gippy Grewal-Ammy Virk family entertainer"
title = "Sarbala Ji"
+++

Punjabis are perhaps most associated with their loud, fun weddings and the multi-starrer featuring Gippy Grewal, Sargun Mehta, Ammy Virk, Nimrat Khaira, Sarbala Ji (2025), makes this the perfect setting for a complete entertainer. Directed by Mandeep Kumar, the film weaves together comedy, drama and romance in a pre-Partition setting. Cousins Sucha Singh (Gippy Grewal) and Gajjan Singh (Ammy Virk) are like chalk and cheese. Sucha Singh is the life of every wedding while Gajjan shies away from marriage, being more interested in embroidery stitches and crochet. When flirtation with Rajjo (Sargun Mehta) leads Sucha to a pronouncement that he is never to marry, he is utterly dismayed. Meanwhile, Gajjan is all set to marry Pyaaro (Nimrat Khaira) who is far from being the docile, embroidery-loving woman that he dreams of. Content with working at the farm, and shunning housework, Pyaaro is completely smitten and transformed in love, eager to marry her beau. However, there are few twists and turns to be navigated.
