content/reviews/sarzameen-15.md, before:

+++
title = "Sarzameen"
date = 2025-07-28T22:16:39+05:30
draft = false
mreviews = ["Sarzameen"]
critics = ['Ishita Sengupta']
publication = 'OTT Play'
subtitle = "Ineffective Thriller With No Voice"
opening = "Every frame of Sarzameen is dunked in staleness, and the dialogues are woefully clunky. Kayoze Irani’s filmmaking is worryingly absent: there's no staging, no build-up, no arc, no inspired casting."
img = 'sarzameen-15.png'
media = 'print'
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/sarzameen-kajol-prithviraj-sukumaran-ibrahim-ali-khan-ineffective-thriller-with-no-voice/67a0e9e504445"
score = 2
+++

Kayoze Irani's Sarzameen, comes in the long line of films that sacrifice a decent idea at the altar of inept filmmaking. It is one of those political films that props itself up to make a statement but lacks both the spine and the bite to articulate its politics. Kannan Iyer’s Ae Watan Mere Watan (2024) is a recent example, also backed by Dharma Productions, where the voice of the maker got lost in the chaos of commentary. But if Sarzameen is to be believed, Irani has no voice. This, of course, is not wholly true. Before directing his feature debut, Irani helmed one of the better shorts in the uneven Netflix anthology Ajeeb Daastaans (2021). There was genuine sensitivity on display even when aided by a persuasive cast. Four years since, nothing of that remains. Sarzameen could have been directed by a tree, and I still wouldn’t be surprised. Every frame of the film is dunked in staleness, and the dialogues are woefully clunky, like an AI is talking to another AI.

Commit message:

Score is now a slice called scores

content/reviews/sarzameen-15.md, after:

+++
critics = ["Ishita Sengupta"]
date = 2025-07-28T22:16:39+05:30
draft = false
img = "sarzameen-15.png"
media = "print"
mreviews = ["Sarzameen"]
opening = "Every frame of Sarzameen is dunked in staleness, and the dialogues are woefully clunky. Kayoze Irani’s filmmaking is worryingly absent: there's no staging, no build-up, no arc, no inspired casting."
publication = "OTT Play"
scores = [2]
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/sarzameen-kajol-prithviraj-sukumaran-ibrahim-ali-khan-ineffective-thriller-with-no-voice/67a0e9e504445"
subtitle = "Ineffective Thriller With No Voice"
title = "Sarzameen"
+++

Kayoze Irani's Sarzameen, comes in the long line of films that sacrifice a decent idea at the altar of inept filmmaking. It is one of those political films that props itself up to make a statement but lacks both the spine and the bite to articulate its politics. Kannan Iyer’s Ae Watan Mere Watan (2024) is a recent example, also backed by Dharma Productions, where the voice of the maker got lost in the chaos of commentary. But if Sarzameen is to be believed, Irani has no voice. This, of course, is not wholly true. Before directing his feature debut, Irani helmed one of the better shorts in the uneven Netflix anthology Ajeeb Daastaans (2021). There was genuine sensitivity on display even when aided by a persuasive cast. Four years since, nothing of that remains. Sarzameen could have been directed by a tree, and I still wouldn’t be surprised. Every frame of the film is dunked in staleness, and the dialogues are woefully clunky, like an AI is talking to another AI.
