content/reviews/second-chance.md, before:

+++
title = "Second Chance"
date = 2025-06-13T13:29:48+05:30
draft = false
mreviews = ["Second Chance"]
critics = ['Aditya Shrikrishna']
publication = 'The Federal'
subtitle = "Subhadra Mahajan’s moving film tackles the trauma of heartbreak, abortion"
opening = "Subhadra Mahajan’s debut feature, shot in black and white with non-actors and a tiny crew in the Pir Panjal mountain range in J&K, tells a tender story of heartbreak, healing, and hope in the Himalayas"
img = 'second-chance.webp'
media = 'print'
source = "https://thefederal.com/films/second-chance-subhadra-mahajan-trauma-abortion-heartbreak-film-himalayas-191691"
score = 7
+++

It’s always cause for celebration when a quintessential arthouse film that did everything right from its inception to production tours the world of festivals, earns accolades, and finally finds a theatrical release. No matter what happens, a public exhibition in the theatre is one of the greatest joys both for the audience as well as the filmmaker. Subhadra Mahajan’s Second Chance had its world premiere at Karlovy Vary International Film Festival 2024 as part of the Proxima Competition. After the premiere, the film travelled to Dharamshala for its India premiere at Dharamshala International Film Festival followed by, among others, International Film Festival of Kerala in the Indian Cinema Now section. Shot in monochrome by cinematographer Swapnil S. Sonawane, it is a gentle document of a young woman finding hope and solace from the utter brink in the mountains. , as Mahajan has said in different interviews, bridges two worlds — the privileged, upper-class world of the protagonist Nia (Dheera Johnson) and the lives of Bhemi and the indigenous people in the mountains, one that is as simple as it is physically and emotionally exhausting. The film gets a theatrical release in select cities on June 13.

Commit message:

Score is now a slice called scores

content/reviews/second-chance.md, after:

+++
critics = ["Aditya Shrikrishna"]
date = 2025-06-13T13:29:48+05:30
draft = false
img = "second-chance.webp"
media = "print"
mreviews = ["Second Chance"]
opening = "Subhadra Mahajan’s debut feature, shot in black and white with non-actors and a tiny crew in the Pir Panjal mountain range in J&K, tells a tender story of heartbreak, healing, and hope in the Himalayas"
publication = "The Federal"
scores = [7]
source = "https://thefederal.com/films/second-chance-subhadra-mahajan-trauma-abortion-heartbreak-film-himalayas-191691"
subtitle = "Subhadra Mahajan’s moving film tackles the trauma of heartbreak, abortion"
title = "Second Chance"
+++

It’s always cause for celebration when a quintessential arthouse film that did everything right from its inception to production tours the world of festivals, earns accolades, and finally finds a theatrical release. No matter what happens, a public exhibition in the theatre is one of the greatest joys both for the audience as well as the filmmaker. Subhadra Mahajan’s Second Chance had its world premiere at Karlovy Vary International Film Festival 2024 as part of the Proxima Competition. After the premiere, the film travelled to Dharamshala for its India premiere at Dharamshala International Film Festival followed by, among others, International Film Festival of Kerala in the Indian Cinema Now section. Shot in monochrome by cinematographer Swapnil S. Sonawane, it is a gentle document of a young woman finding hope and solace from the utter brink in the mountains. , as Mahajan has said in different interviews, bridges two worlds — the privileged, upper-class world of the protagonist Nia (Dheera Johnson) and the lives of Bhemi and the indigenous people in the mountains, one that is as simple as it is physically and emotionally exhausting. The film gets a theatrical release in select cities on June 13.
