content/reviews/secret-of-a-mountain-serpent-2.md, before:

+++
title = "Secret of a Mountain Serpent"
date = 2025-09-05T19:08:11+05:30
draft = false
mreviews = ["Secret of a Mountain Serpent"]
critics = ['Saibal Chatterjee']
publication = 'The Daily Eye'
subtitle = "A dip into the river of female desire"
opening = "An exquisite piece of cinema that blurs the line between the dreamily meditative and the tangible to explore the boundaries of female desire."
img = 'secret-of-a-mountain-serpent-2.jpg'
media = 'print'
source = "https://thedailyeye.info/thought-box/alternative-entertainment-a-dip-into-the-river-of-female-desire/bea162e1bff1bd4d"
score = 8
+++

Secret of a Mountain Serpent by writer-director Nidhi Saxena is a poetic exploration of female desire set against the backdrop of the Kargil conflict. Premiering at the Venice Film Festival, the film weaves folklore, symbolism, and haunting performances by Trimala Adhikari and Adil Hussain into a tapestry of longing, liberation, and cinematic beauty. With its blend of myth and reality, evocative sound design, and visual mastery, it is an unforgettable contribution to Indian independent cinema.
Between Dream and Reality Writer-director Nidhi Saxena’s second film, Secret of a Mountain Serpent, is an exquisite piece of cinema. It blurs the line between the dreamily meditative and the wholly tangible to explore the boundaries of female desire when it is set free from the suffocating constraints of societal stipulations. ‘

Commit message:

Score is now a slice called scores

content/reviews/secret-of-a-mountain-serpent-2.md, after:

+++
critics = ["Saibal Chatterjee"]
date = 2025-09-05T19:08:11+05:30
draft = false
img = "secret-of-a-mountain-serpent-2.jpg"
media = "print"
mreviews = ["Secret of a Mountain Serpent"]
opening = "An exquisite piece of cinema that blurs the line between the dreamily meditative and the tangible to explore the boundaries of female desire."
publication = "The Daily Eye"
scores = [8]
source = "https://thedailyeye.info/thought-box/alternative-entertainment-a-dip-into-the-river-of-female-desire/bea162e1bff1bd4d"
subtitle = "A dip into the river of female desire"
title = "Secret of a Mountain Serpent"
+++

Secret of a Mountain Serpent by writer-director Nidhi Saxena is a poetic exploration of female desire set against the backdrop of the Kargil conflict. Premiering at the Venice Film Festival, the film weaves folklore, symbolism, and haunting performances by Trimala Adhikari and Adil Hussain into a tapestry of longing, liberation, and cinematic beauty. With its blend of myth and reality, evocative sound design, and visual mastery, it is an unforgettable contribution to Indian independent cinema.
Between Dream and Reality Writer-director Nidhi Saxena’s second film, Secret of a Mountain Serpent, is an exquisite piece of cinema. It blurs the line between the dreamily meditative and the wholly tangible to explore the boundaries of female desire when it is set free from the suffocating constraints of societal stipulations. ‘
