content/reviews/sister-midnight-5.md, before:

+++
title = "Sister Midnight"
date = 2025-06-02T22:09:41+05:30
draft = false
mreviews = ["Sister Midnight"]
critics = ['Ishita Sengupta']
publication = 'OTT Play'
subtitle = "It’s Radhika Apte’s World & We Are Just Living In It"
opening = "In a creatively barren phase for Hindi cinema, Sister Midnight is a rare spark. Defying market norms and genre traps, it reaffirms the joy of watching films and reiterates the medium's potency."
img = 'sister-midnight-5.jpg'
media = 'print'
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/sister-midnight-its-radhika-aptes-world-we-are-just-living-in-it/37a5dd74a2993"
score = 7
+++

Karan Kandhari's Sister Midnight is a radical beast. It is provocative and outlandish, hilarious and macabre. It is intimately accessible and formidably alienating; it is a dark comedy where the depth of darkness constantly squirms with the possibility of humour. Kandhari’s directorial feature is as much a clutter-breaker as it is a freewheeling venture, making up its mind on the go about what to do with itself after having broken the clutter. Surreal and odd, Sister Midnight is a frighteningly original shape-shifting film that cautiously evades meaning to avoid making sense. One would be tempted to brand it as subversive, but Kandhari’s debut is more defiant in its energy, restive in spirit and endearing at its core. The filmmaker suffuses each frame with sprinting chaos where the refusal to conform takes over everything else, outlining in the process a distinct feminine existence in its absence of coherence.

Commit message:

Score is now a slice called scores

content/reviews/sister-midnight-5.md, after:

+++
critics = ["Ishita Sengupta"]
date = 2025-06-02T22:09:41+05:30
draft = false
img = "sister-midnight-5.jpg"
media = "print"
mreviews = ["Sister Midnight"]
opening = "In a creatively barren phase for Hindi cinema, Sister Midnight is a rare spark. Defying market norms and genre traps, it reaffirms the joy of watching films and reiterates the medium's potency."
publication = "OTT Play"
scores = [7]
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/sister-midnight-its-radhika-aptes-world-we-are-just-living-in-it/37a5dd74a2993"
subtitle = "It’s Radhika Apte’s World & We Are Just Living In It"
title = "Sister Midnight"
+++

Karan Kandhari's Sister Midnight is a radical beast. It is provocative and outlandish, hilarious and macabre. It is intimately accessible and formidably alienating; it is a dark comedy where the depth of darkness constantly squirms with the possibility of humour. Kandhari’s directorial feature is as much a clutter-breaker as it is a freewheeling venture, making up its mind on the go about what to do with itself after having broken the clutter. Surreal and odd, Sister Midnight is a frighteningly original shape-shifting film that cautiously evades meaning to avoid making sense. One would be tempted to brand it as subversive, but Kandhari’s debut is more defiant in its energy, restive in spirit and endearing at its core. The filmmaker suffuses each frame with sprinting chaos where the refusal to conform takes over everything else, outlining in the process a distinct feminine existence in its absence of coherence.
