content/reviews/stolen-12.md, before:

+++
title = "Stolen"
date = 2025-06-07T19:07:30+05:30
draft = false
mreviews = ["Stolen"]
critics = ['Ishita Sengupta']
publication = 'OTT Play'
subtitle = "A Breathless Survival Thriller Headlined By A Spectacular Abhishek Banerjee"
opening = "Karan Tejpal's Stolen is a rare film about class that unfolds with its ear close to the ground. One that resists making empty statements by checking its privilege as part of the critique."
img = 'stolen-12.png'
media = 'print'
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/stolen-abhishek-banerjee-breathless-survival-thriller/237bf30536489"
score = 8
+++

A lot about Karan Tejpal's Stolen is vague. The landscape looks familiar, but no names are given, and an angry mob keeps gathering steam, but their rooted investment is unclear. A woman claims to be pregnant without a man involved, and a deserted mansion is deemed cursed without a direct reason. Such obscurity feels deliberate. Stolen is as specific as encompassing, as much a story as a statement. The survival thriller is about people and society. There is little novelty about the overlap, but Tejpal’s film, breathless in its pace, straddles the many worlds of its creation with distinct urgency. It manages to hold our gaze close to certain faces while churning the fear of the unknown. The result is a rare film about class that unfolds with its ear close to the ground. One that resists making empty statements by checking its privilege as part of the critique. In that sense, Stolen is eerily reminiscent of Navdeep Singh’s NH10 (2015), a slasher thriller that contained multitudes of horror in its proposition: what happens when the urban enters the lawless rural jungle? What happens when a part of India collides with another? Written by Swapnil Salkar, Gaurav Dhingra and Tejpal, Stolen asks the same questions and keeps addressing them during its runtime.

Commit message:

Score is now a slice called scores

content/reviews/stolen-12.md, after:

+++
critics = ["Ishita Sengupta"]
date = 2025-06-07T19:07:30+05:30
draft = false
img = "stolen-12.png"
media = "print"
mreviews = ["Stolen"]
opening = "Karan Tejpal's Stolen is a rare film about class that unfolds with its ear close to the ground. One that resists making empty statements by checking its privilege as part of the critique."
publication = "OTT Play"
scores = [8]
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/stolen-abhishek-banerjee-breathless-survival-thriller/237bf30536489"
subtitle = "A Breathless Survival Thriller Headlined By A Spectacular Abhishek Banerjee"
title = "Stolen"
+++

A lot about Karan Tejpal's Stolen is vague. The landscape looks familiar, but no names are given, and an angry mob keeps gathering steam, but their rooted investment is unclear. A woman claims to be pregnant without a man involved, and a deserted mansion is deemed cursed without a direct reason. Such obscurity feels deliberate. Stolen is as specific as encompassing, as much a story as a statement. The survival thriller is about people and society. There is little novelty about the overlap, but Tejpal’s film, breathless in its pace, straddles the many worlds of its creation with distinct urgency. It manages to hold our gaze close to certain faces while churning the fear of the unknown. The result is a rare film about class that unfolds with its ear close to the ground. One that resists making empty statements by checking its privilege as part of the critique. In that sense, Stolen is eerily reminiscent of Navdeep Singh’s NH10 (2015), a slasher thriller that contained multitudes of horror in its proposition: what happens when the urban enters the lawless rural jungle? What happens when a part of India collides with another? Written by Swapnil Salkar, Gaurav Dhingra and Tejpal, Stolen asks the same questions and keeps addressing them during its runtime.
