content/reviews/su-from-so.md, before:

+++
title = "Su From So"
date = 2025-07-28T18:05:17+05:30
draft = false
mreviews = ["Su From So"]
critics = ['Subha J Rao']
publication = 'OTT Play'
subtitle = "Much Laughter & Lots To Think About, In This Raj B Shetty Production"
opening = "Director JP Thuminad creates a world that’s deeply immersive, and in a film that’s high on humour, he nudges you to be better"
img = 'su-from-so.webp'
media = 'print'
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/su-from-so-kannada-movie-review-much-laughter-lots-to-think-about-in-this-raj-b-shetty-production/3887392a2a848"
score = 9
+++

There’s a passing scene in JP Thuminad’s hilarious yet thoughtful Su From So (releasing on July 25), which explains why the film lands the way it does. The villagers need to head somewhere and a convoy departs — it is led by two scooters, followed by two autos and cycles. Even in that not-so-important scene that barely lasts seconds, the film does not veer off its inherent spirit. These vehicles are ‘enough’ to serve the story. This is one of the many reasons why the film, which falls somewhere in the space between a thought-provoking movie and a horror comedy, keeps you engrossed through its runtime that’s a little over two hours.

Commit message:

Score is now a slice called scores

content/reviews/su-from-so.md, after:

+++
critics = ["Subha J Rao"]
date = 2025-07-28T18:05:17+05:30
draft = false
img = "su-from-so.webp"
media = "print"
mreviews = ["Su From So"]
opening = "Director JP Thuminad creates a world that’s deeply immersive, and in a film that’s high on humour, he nudges you to be better"
publication = "OTT Play"
scores = [9]
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/su-from-so-kannada-movie-review-much-laughter-lots-to-think-about-in-this-raj-b-shetty-production/3887392a2a848"
subtitle = "Much Laughter & Lots To Think About, In This Raj B Shetty Production"
title = "Su From So"
+++

There’s a passing scene in JP Thuminad’s hilarious yet thoughtful Su From So (releasing on July 25), which explains why the film lands the way it does. The villagers need to head somewhere and a convoy departs — it is led by two scooters, followed by two autos and cycles. Even in that not-so-important scene that barely lasts seconds, the film does not veer off its inherent spirit. These vehicles are ‘enough’ to serve the story. This is one of the many reasons why the film, which falls somewhere in the space between a thought-provoking movie and a horror comedy, keeps you engrossed through its runtime that’s a little over two hours.
