content/reviews/sunny-sanskari-ki-tulsi-kumari.md, before:

+++
title = "Sunny Sanskari Ki Tulsi Kumari"
date = 2025-10-02T18:56:31+05:30
draft = false
mreviews = ["Sunny Sanskari Ki Tulsi Kumari"]
critics = ['Ishita Sengupta']
publication = 'OTT Play'
subtitle = ""
opening = "This new Dharma film is an abysmal endeavour where all four characters have the personality of caterpillars and share deeper chemistry with their designer outfits than with each other."
img = 'sunny-sanskari-ki-tulsi-kumari.webp'
media = 'print'
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/sunny-sanskari-ki-tulsi-kumari-varun-dhawan-janhvi-kapoor-is-the-most-anti-film-of-the-year/48504766be243"
score = 2
+++

Once upon a time, Varun Dhawan was an interesting actor. He experimented with promise and, later, when his choices became conventional — leaning mostly on playing a man-child oblivious to the ways of the world till told otherwise by his female counterpart — the actor managed to inject intrigue in repetition. Once upon a time, his performance was a crossbreed of the 90s’ excess and modern alertness, evoking more nostalgia than awe. Today he is unable to not just diversify but even essay the same roles with conviction; this devolution, and not lack of evolution, is a thing of wonder.

Commit message:

Score is now a slice called scores

content/reviews/sunny-sanskari-ki-tulsi-kumari.md, after:

+++
critics = ["Ishita Sengupta"]
date = 2025-10-02T18:56:31+05:30
draft = false
img = "sunny-sanskari-ki-tulsi-kumari.webp"
media = "print"
mreviews = ["Sunny Sanskari Ki Tulsi Kumari"]
opening = "This new Dharma film is an abysmal endeavour where all four characters have the personality of caterpillars and share deeper chemistry with their designer outfits than with each other."
publication = "OTT Play"
scores = [2]
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/sunny-sanskari-ki-tulsi-kumari-varun-dhawan-janhvi-kapoor-is-the-most-anti-film-of-the-year/48504766be243"
subtitle = ""
title = "Sunny Sanskari Ki Tulsi Kumari"
+++

Once upon a time, Varun Dhawan was an interesting actor. He experimented with promise and, later, when his choices became conventional — leaning mostly on playing a man-child oblivious to the ways of the world till told otherwise by his female counterpart — the actor managed to inject intrigue in repetition. Once upon a time, his performance was a crossbreed of the 90s’ excess and modern alertness, evoking more nostalgia than awe. Today he is unable to not just diversify but even essay the same roles with conviction; this devolution, and not lack of evolution, is a thing of wonder.
