content/reviews/suzhal:-the-vortex-s02-1.md, before:

+++
title = "Suzhal: The Vortex S02"
date = 2025-03-01T07:43:23+05:30
draft = false
mreviews = ["Suzhal: The Vortex S02"]
critics = ['Aditya Shrikrishna']
publication = 'OTT Play'
subtitle = "Tightens Its Grip, But Loosens Its Edge"
opening = "Suzhal S2 amps up the intrigue with a gripping crime, a tighter plot, and compelling leads. But its tendency to over-explain and sidestep political sharpness holds it back from true excellence."
img = 'suzhal-the-vortex-s02-1.png'
media = 'print'
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/suzhal-the-vortex-season-2-tightens-its-grip-but-loosens-its-edge/b285dfcdb079"
score = 5
+++

At least two Tamil films that released in 1988 get a namedrop in the second season of Suzhal: The Vortex. They are Senthoora Poove and Agni Natchathiram. One is about a dying man who makes it his mission to save two young star-crossed lovers, which is a throwback to season one of Suzhal that unfolds around the death of one such pair. The second film is about parents and children, warts and all, which points to a theme in Suzhal’s second season— about father and mother figures, and their adopted sons and daughters. At the centre is the father, pointedly named Chellappa (Lal), a criminal lawyer known for his righteousness and sincerity, a darling of victims and survivors. There is also a mother with a fleeting appearance but otherworldly deeds and influence. It is a curious thing, those namedrops—one vaguely referring to a dance troupe named Senthoora Poove and the other directly invoking Mani Ratnam’s Agni Natchathiram and its unforgettable climax of strobe lights waltz. Later, the series invokes another 1988 Tamil film title.

Commit message:

Score is now a slice called scores

content/reviews/suzhal:-the-vortex-s02-1.md, after:

+++
critics = ["Aditya Shrikrishna"]
date = 2025-03-01T07:43:23+05:30
draft = false
img = "suzhal-the-vortex-s02-1.png"
media = "print"
mreviews = ["Suzhal: The Vortex S02"]
opening = "Suzhal S2 amps up the intrigue with a gripping crime, a tighter plot, and compelling leads. But its tendency to over-explain and sidestep political sharpness holds it back from true excellence."
publication = "OTT Play"
scores = [5]
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/suzhal-the-vortex-season-2-tightens-its-grip-but-loosens-its-edge/b285dfcdb079"
subtitle = "Tightens Its Grip, But Loosens Its Edge"
title = "Suzhal: The Vortex S02"
+++

At least two Tamil films that released in 1988 get a namedrop in the second season of Suzhal: The Vortex. They are Senthoora Poove and Agni Natchathiram. One is about a dying man who makes it his mission to save two young star-crossed lovers, which is a throwback to season one of Suzhal that unfolds around the death of one such pair. The second film is about parents and children, warts and all, which points to a theme in Suzhal’s second season— about father and mother figures, and their adopted sons and daughters. At the centre is the father, pointedly named Chellappa (Lal), a criminal lawyer known for his righteousness and sincerity, a darling of victims and survivors. There is also a mother with a fleeting appearance but otherworldly deeds and influence. It is a curious thing, those namedrops—one vaguely referring to a dance troupe named Senthoora Poove and the other directly invoking Mani Ratnam’s Agni Natchathiram and its unforgettable climax of strobe lights waltz. Later, the series invokes another 1988 Tamil film title.
