content/reviews/tanvi-the-great-5.md, before:

+++
title = "Tanvi the Great"
date = 2025-07-19T22:53:19+05:30
draft = false
mreviews = ["Tanvi the Great"]
critics = ['Arnab Banerjee']
publication = 'The Daily Eye'
subtitle = "A heartfelt yet oversimplified tale of autism"
opening = "Delivers emotional highs but falters in depth, relying on sentiment over nuance in its portrayal of neurodivergent experiences"
img = 'tanvi-the-great-5.jpg'
media = 'print'
source = "https://thedailyeye.info/in-the-news/bollywood-review-tanvi-the-great/84fd3b69e149dedd"
score = 4
+++

n the cinematic world, autism is often depicted in one of two familiar forms: either the misunderstood genius with miraculous mental powers, or the socially awkward yet irresistibly charming soul who gently reminds everyone how to live more meaningful lives. Tanvi The Great chooses the latter. Like many of its predecessors, it simplifies a complex neurodevelopmental condition into a digestible, inspirational narrative that leans heavily on sentiment, often at the expense of authenticity. Directed by Anupam Kher and produced by Anupam Kher Studio in association with the NFDC, Tanvi The Great tells the story of Tanvi (Shubhangi Dutt), a 21-year-old woman on the autism spectrum. Raised by her mother Vidya (Pallavi Joshi) and grandfather Colonel Pratap Raina (Anupam Kher), Tanvi is determined to honour the memory of her late father, Captain Samar Raina (Karan Tacker), by joining the Indian Army and saluting the national flag at Siachen Glacier—a dream he never lived to fulfil.

Commit message:

Score is now a slice called scores

content/reviews/tanvi-the-great-5.md, after:

+++
critics = ["Arnab Banerjee"]
date = 2025-07-19T22:53:19+05:30
draft = false
img = "tanvi-the-great-5.jpg"
media = "print"
mreviews = ["Tanvi the Great"]
opening = "Delivers emotional highs but falters in depth, relying on sentiment over nuance in its portrayal of neurodivergent experiences"
publication = "The Daily Eye"
scores = [4]
source = "https://thedailyeye.info/in-the-news/bollywood-review-tanvi-the-great/84fd3b69e149dedd"
subtitle = "A heartfelt yet oversimplified tale of autism"
title = "Tanvi the Great"
+++

n the cinematic world, autism is often depicted in one of two familiar forms: either the misunderstood genius with miraculous mental powers, or the socially awkward yet irresistibly charming soul who gently reminds everyone how to live more meaningful lives. Tanvi The Great chooses the latter. Like many of its predecessors, it simplifies a complex neurodevelopmental condition into a digestible, inspirational narrative that leans heavily on sentiment, often at the expense of authenticity. Directed by Anupam Kher and produced by Anupam Kher Studio in association with the NFDC, Tanvi The Great tells the story of Tanvi (Shubhangi Dutt), a 21-year-old woman on the autism spectrum. Raised by her mother Vidya (Pallavi Joshi) and grandfather Colonel Pratap Raina (Anupam Kher), Tanvi is determined to honour the memory of her late father, Captain Samar Raina (Karan Tacker), by joining the Indian Army and saluting the national flag at Siachen Glacier—a dream he never lived to fulfil.
