content/reviews/taskaree-the-smugglers-web-4.md, before:

+++
title = "Taskaree: The Smuggler's Web"
date = 2026-01-17T01:58:33+05:30
draft = false
mreviews = ["Taskaree: The Smuggler's Web"]
critics = ['Ishita Sengupta']
publication = 'OTT Play'
subtitle = "Fun Till It Is Not"
opening = "Taskaree begins as a smart, textured look at the hidden machinery of smuggling, but its compulsion to outwit the viewer ultimately turns ingenuity into excess."
img = 'taskaree-the-smugglers-web-4.png'
media = 'print'
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/emraam-hashmi-neeraj-pandey-taskaree-the-smugglers-web-is-fun-till-it-is-not/1c57feeb78222"
score = 5
+++

Neeraj Pandey's latest Netflix series, Taskaree: The Smuggler's Web, rests on ingenuity. It foregrounds a world that is mostly wrapped in intrigue and focuses on a group of people who aren’t necessarily under the spotlight. In a streaming landscape crowded with an assembly line of thrillers, even an inventive premise counts a great deal, and Pandey offers it in plenty. His latest show is concerned with the machinery of customs and widespread smuggling syndicates that continue to bypass them — a swing that pays off till it does not.

Commit message:

Score is now a slice called scores

content/reviews/taskaree-the-smugglers-web-4.md, after:

+++
critics = ["Ishita Sengupta"]
date = 2026-01-17T01:58:33+05:30
draft = false
img = "taskaree-the-smugglers-web-4.png"
media = "print"
mreviews = ["Taskaree: The Smuggler's Web"]
opening = "Taskaree begins as a smart, textured look at the hidden machinery of smuggling, but its compulsion to outwit the viewer ultimately turns ingenuity into excess."
publication = "OTT Play"
scores = [5]
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/emraam-hashmi-neeraj-pandey-taskaree-the-smugglers-web-is-fun-till-it-is-not/1c57feeb78222"
subtitle = "Fun Till It Is Not"
title = "Taskaree: The Smuggler's Web"
+++

Neeraj Pandey's latest Netflix series, Taskaree: The Smuggler's Web, rests on ingenuity. It foregrounds a world that is mostly wrapped in intrigue and focuses on a group of people who aren’t necessarily under the spotlight. In a streaming landscape crowded with an assembly line of thrillers, even an inventive premise counts a great deal, and Pandey offers it in plenty. His latest show is concerned with the machinery of customs and widespread smuggling syndicates that continue to bypass them — a swing that pays off till it does not.
