content/reviews/test-4.md, before:

+++
title = "Test"
date = 2025-04-04T18:45:47+05:30
draft = false
mreviews = ["Test"]
critics = ['Aditya Shrikrishna']
publication = 'OTT Play'
subtitle = "An Entertaining Drama That Tapers Off By The End"
opening = "Test is a film that is happy to deliver a lot of drama with some cricket thrown in as novelty"
img = 'test-4.png'
media = 'print'
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/test-an-entertaining-drama-that-tapers-off-by-the-end/c01e76afa0550"
score = 5
+++

It’s been over two decades since Aayutha Ezhuthu and we once again have Madhavan and Siddharth locked in an intense struggle right in the heart of Chennai. Not far from each other either. If it was Napier Bridge in the 2004 Mani Ratnam film, it is a stone’s throw away at Chepauk in S Sashikanth’s directorial debut Test (a Netflix release). If it was political and ideological in the earlier film, it is emotional and personal in this one. Siddharth is Arjun here as well — not a confused young man eyeing the American dream but a patriot wearing India’s Test cricket whites, a star batsman, the kind whose class is evident even if he is on his last legs. Twenty years on, a star cricketer from Tamil Nadu playing for India isn’t as implausible. But India playing Pakistan at home in test cricket? That stuff can happen only in fiction in 2025. And Madhavan here is Saravanan, a washed-up tragic scientist, an eternal striver as deep in insecurities as he is in debt.

Commit message:

Score is now a slice called scores

content/reviews/test-4.md, after:

+++
critics = ["Aditya Shrikrishna"]
date = 2025-04-04T18:45:47+05:30
draft = false
img = "test-4.png"
media = "print"
mreviews = ["Test"]
opening = "Test is a film that is happy to deliver a lot of drama with some cricket thrown in as novelty"
publication = "OTT Play"
scores = [5]
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/test-an-entertaining-drama-that-tapers-off-by-the-end/c01e76afa0550"
subtitle = "An Entertaining Drama That Tapers Off By The End"
title = "Test"
+++

It’s been over two decades since Aayutha Ezhuthu and we once again have Madhavan and Siddharth locked in an intense struggle right in the heart of Chennai. Not far from each other either. If it was Napier Bridge in the 2004 Mani Ratnam film, it is a stone’s throw away at Chepauk in S Sashikanth’s directorial debut Test (a Netflix release). If it was political and ideological in the earlier film, it is emotional and personal in this one. Siddharth is Arjun here as well — not a confused young man eyeing the American dream but a patriot wearing India’s Test cricket whites, a star batsman, the kind whose class is evident even if he is on his last legs. Twenty years on, a star cricketer from Tamil Nadu playing for India isn’t as implausible. But India playing Pakistan at home in test cricket? That stuff can happen only in fiction in 2025. And Madhavan here is Saravanan, a washed-up tragic scientist, an eternal striver as deep in insecurities as he is in debt.
