content/reviews/thamma-19.md, before:

+++
title = "Thamma"
date = 2025-10-24T18:41:16+05:30
draft = false
mreviews = ["Thamma"]
critics = ['Ishita Sengupta']
publication = 'OTT Play'
subtitle = "A Bloodless Vampire Film With No Teeth Or Bite"
opening = "The fifth outing in Maddock Films' horror-comedy multiverse, Thamma is a remarkably unremarkable feature. The film's individualism is consistently sacrificed at the altar of crowd-pleasing humour.tha"
img = 'thamma-19.webp'
media = 'print'
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/thamma-ayushmann-khurrana-rashmika-mandana-is-a-bloodless-vampire-film-with-no-teeth-or-bite/a413244231820"
score = 6
+++

Aditya Sarpotdar's Thamma is a nothing film. It is so vacuous that had the review ended with one line, the remaining blank space could have passed off as method writing. It is so empty-coded that candy floss, in comparison, would be more weighted. It is so ineffective that the cautionary tobacco advertisements attached to theatrical releases prove to be more potent. And, it is so vacant that if the film were a piece of land, it would make for a lucrative real estate deal. My thoughts are getting garbled here, but then thinking about Thamma should not be a full-time job, yet here we are.

Commit message:

Score is now a slice called scores

content/reviews/thamma-19.md, after:

+++
critics = ["Ishita Sengupta"]
date = 2025-10-24T18:41:16+05:30
draft = false
img = "thamma-19.webp"
media = "print"
mreviews = ["Thamma"]
opening = "The fifth outing in Maddock Films' horror-comedy multiverse, Thamma is a remarkably unremarkable feature. The film's individualism is consistently sacrificed at the altar of crowd-pleasing humour.tha"
publication = "OTT Play"
scores = [6]
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/thamma-ayushmann-khurrana-rashmika-mandana-is-a-bloodless-vampire-film-with-no-teeth-or-bite/a413244231820"
subtitle = "A Bloodless Vampire Film With No Teeth Or Bite"
title = "Thamma"
+++

Aditya Sarpotdar's Thamma is a nothing film. It is so vacuous that had the review ended with one line, the remaining blank space could have passed off as method writing. It is so empty-coded that candy floss, in comparison, would be more weighted. It is so ineffective that the cautionary tobacco advertisements attached to theatrical releases prove to be more potent. And, it is so vacant that if the film were a piece of land, it would make for a lucrative real estate deal. My thoughts are getting garbled here, but then thinking about Thamma should not be a full-time job, yet here we are.
