content/reviews/thandel-3.md, before:

+++
title = "Thandel"
date = 2025-02-07T22:42:16+05:30
draft = false
mreviews = ["Thandel"]
critics = ['Aditya Shrikrishna']
publication = 'OTT Play'
subtitle = "Thandel Is A Dry & Dated Melodrama"
opening = "Naga Chaitanya and Sai Pallavi starrer Thandel is the best bad film in all the oldest ways possible. Apart from Pallavi, everyone and everything is artificial including the filmmaking."
img = 'thandel-3.png'
media = 'print'
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/thandel-naga-chaitanya-sai-pallavi-dry-and-dated-melodrama/3c72f5f268715"
score = 4
+++

In Chandoo Mondeti's Thandel, distance makes romance sing harder before it combusts into a residue of tears. Raju (Naga Chaitanya) and Satya (Sai Pallavi) have been together since childhood and now their love blossoms through the stray mobile tower. Raju is a seafarer, a fisherman who works the waters around Gujarat while Satya in Srikakulam looks longingly at her mobile phone to hear a syllable in his voice. He holds the phone aloft and so does she at home. He, with ocean on all sides and, she, on land but not far from the beach. We see a fisherfolk community that toils in the waters, the men away for long and the women waiting and working at home. We know that this frequent separation will not end well and as expected, Thandel doesn’t hold its cards too close to its chest. It presents everything without a facade. Raju is our regular Telugu film hero, and this is as mainstream as it gets so he is introduced romancing and fighting at the same time. The first half coasts along and nothing really happens for much of Thandel’s runtime. Physical distance gives way to emotional distance between the lovers but the way the film narrativises these events is toothless. The film places itself in melodramatic territory, the star-crossed lovers’ separation is the whole point, but the writing is flat and we never feel for any of these people. Apart from Sai Pallavi, everyone and everything is artificial including the filmmaking. It is probably forgivable to use a green screen for scenes atop a lighthouse, but Satya is staged in front of what looks like a green screen even for a scene on the terrace of her tiny dwelling. The film looks cheap and when even basic scenes are given this little attention then what to make of stormy seas where there are both fights as well as lifesaving action.

Commit message:

Score is now a slice called scores

content/reviews/thandel-3.md, after:

+++
critics = ["Aditya Shrikrishna"]
date = 2025-02-07T22:42:16+05:30
draft = false
img = "thandel-3.png"
media = "print"
mreviews = ["Thandel"]
opening = "Naga Chaitanya and Sai Pallavi starrer Thandel is the best bad film in all the oldest ways possible. Apart from Pallavi, everyone and everything is artificial including the filmmaking."
publication = "OTT Play"
scores = [4]
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/thandel-naga-chaitanya-sai-pallavi-dry-and-dated-melodrama/3c72f5f268715"
subtitle = "Thandel Is A Dry & Dated Melodrama"
title = "Thandel"
+++

In Chandoo Mondeti's Thandel, distance makes romance sing harder before it combusts into a residue of tears. Raju (Naga Chaitanya) and Satya (Sai Pallavi) have been together since childhood and now their love blossoms through the stray mobile tower. Raju is a seafarer, a fisherman who works the waters around Gujarat while Satya in Srikakulam looks longingly at her mobile phone to hear a syllable in his voice. He holds the phone aloft and so does she at home. He, with ocean on all sides and, she, on land but not far from the beach. We see a fisherfolk community that toils in the waters, the men away for long and the women waiting and working at home. We know that this frequent separation will not end well and as expected, Thandel doesn’t hold its cards too close to its chest. It presents everything without a facade. Raju is our regular Telugu film hero, and this is as mainstream as it gets so he is introduced romancing and fighting at the same time. The first half coasts along and nothing really happens for much of Thandel’s runtime. Physical distance gives way to emotional distance between the lovers but the way the film narrativises these events is toothless. The film places itself in melodramatic territory, the star-crossed lovers’ separation is the whole point, but the writing is flat and we never feel for any of these people. Apart from Sai Pallavi, everyone and everything is artificial including the filmmaking. It is probably forgivable to use a green screen for scenes atop a lighthouse, but Satya is staged in front of what looks like a green screen even for a scene on the terrace of her tiny dwelling. The film looks cheap and when even basic scenes are given this little attention then what to make of stormy seas where there are both fights as well as lifesaving action.
