content/reviews/the-legend-of-hanuman-s06-1.md, before:

+++
title = "The Legend of Hanuman S06"
date = 2025-04-12T15:21:31+05:30
draft = false
mreviews = ["The Legend of Hanuman S06"]
critics = ['Srivathsan Nadadhur']
publication = 'M9 News'
subtitle = "Well-Written and Executed"
opening = ""
img = 'the-legend-of-hanuman-s06-1.webp'
media = 'print'
source = "https://www.m9.news/ott-review/the-legend-of-hanuman-season-6-review/"
score = 7
+++

The Legend of Hanuman, which enters its sixth season this week, has consistently pushed the bar in retelling the Ramayana through animation on OTT across age groups, supplemented by its new-age visualisation, playful storytelling and impactful writing, exploring major events, the traits of each of its pivotal characters (apart from Hanuman too) with equal sincerity. The new season is about the fall of Ravan as much as the rise of Hanuman. Greed and ego get the better of Ravan. Emerging victorious over Ram is no longer his only priority, he wants the world for himself. While losing the support of Vibheeshan (and Mandodari partially), he misses being with his other brothers, sons (who’re no more) and hopes to meet them on the other side of the world.

Commit message:

Score is now a slice called scores

content/reviews/the-legend-of-hanuman-s06-1.md, after:

+++
critics = ["Srivathsan Nadadhur"]
date = 2025-04-12T15:21:31+05:30
draft = false
img = "the-legend-of-hanuman-s06-1.webp"
media = "print"
mreviews = ["The Legend of Hanuman S06"]
opening = ""
publication = "M9 News"
scores = [7]
source = "https://www.m9.news/ott-review/the-legend-of-hanuman-season-6-review/"
subtitle = "Well-Written and Executed"
title = "The Legend of Hanuman S06"
+++

The Legend of Hanuman, which enters its sixth season this week, has consistently pushed the bar in retelling the Ramayana through animation on OTT across age groups, supplemented by its new-age visualisation, playful storytelling and impactful writing, exploring major events, the traits of each of its pivotal characters (apart from Hanuman too) with equal sincerity. The new season is about the fall of Ravan as much as the rise of Hanuman. Greed and ego get the better of Ravan. Emerging victorious over Ram is no longer his only priority, he wants the world for himself. While losing the support of Vibheeshan (and Mandodari partially), he misses being with his other brothers, sons (who’re no more) and hopes to meet them on the other side of the world.
