content/reviews/the-bads-of-bollywood-9.md, before:

+++
title = "The Ba***ds of Bollywood"
date = 2025-09-20T17:19:46+05:30
draft = false
mreviews = ["The Ba***ds of Bollywood"]
critics = ['Ishita Sengupta']
publication = 'OTT Play'
subtitle = "Aryan Khan's Netflix Series Is Both Satire & Sobering Exposition On Stardom"
opening = "Khan’s debut work, imbued with a zany visual language and skillfully orchestrated action sequences, is more than its shiny outer shell"
img = 'the-bads-of-bollywood-9.png'
media = 'print'
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/the-bads-of-bollywood-aka-the-bads-of-bollywood-aryan-khan-series-on-netflix-review/e03ffd626c848"
score = 6
+++

Bollywood is many things. The ugly, sweeping, mimicked moniker is an industry and a genre. It is a person and a personhood, a lifestyle and a livelihood. Over the years, multiple films have attempted taming the beast and dissecting, in varied ways, the mechanics of the space. If Farah Khan depicted an origin story of sorts in Om Shanti Om (2007) then Zoya Akhtar offered a more intimate portrayal of the industry through the lens of outsiders. Aryan Khan’s directorial, The Ba\*\*\*ds of Bollywood lies somewhere in between. The seven-episode series has the campiness of Khan’s film and the conviction of Akhtar’s debut, culminating eventually as a show that deftly straddles emphasis with frivolity.

Commit message:

Score is now a slice called scores

content/reviews/the-bads-of-bollywood-9.md, after:

+++
critics = ["Ishita Sengupta"]
date = 2025-09-20T17:19:46+05:30
draft = false
img = "the-bads-of-bollywood-9.png"
media = "print"
mreviews = ["The Ba***ds of Bollywood"]
opening = "Khan’s debut work, imbued with a zany visual language and skillfully orchestrated action sequences, is more than its shiny outer shell"
publication = "OTT Play"
scores = [6]
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/the-bads-of-bollywood-aka-the-bads-of-bollywood-aryan-khan-series-on-netflix-review/e03ffd626c848"
subtitle = "Aryan Khan's Netflix Series Is Both Satire & Sobering Exposition On Stardom"
title = "The Ba***ds of Bollywood"
+++

Bollywood is many things. The ugly, sweeping, mimicked moniker is an industry and a genre. It is a person and a personhood, a lifestyle and a livelihood. Over the years, multiple films have attempted taming the beast and dissecting, in varied ways, the mechanics of the space. If Farah Khan depicted an origin story of sorts in Om Shanti Om (2007) then Zoya Akhtar offered a more intimate portrayal of the industry through the lens of outsiders. Aryan Khan’s directorial, The Ba\*\*\*ds of Bollywood lies somewhere in between. The seven-episode series has the campiness of Khan’s film and the conviction of Akhtar’s debut, culminating eventually as a show that deftly straddles emphasis with frivolity.
