content/reviews/the-brutalist.md, before:

+++
title = "The Brutalist"
date = 2025-03-02T13:46:36+05:30
draft = false
mreviews = ["The Brutalist"]
critics = ['Manoj Kumar']
publication = 'Deccan Herald'
subtitle = "Hypnotic tale of art, power, and betrayal"
opening = "For those untouched by the war’s direct traumas, these brutalist buildings might feel cold and uninviting, even ugly. But for those who have endured the dehumanising horrors of war, they represent something deeply intimate."
img = 'the-brutalist.png'
media = 'print'
source = "https://www.deccanherald.com/entertainment/the-brutalist-movie-review-hypnotic-tale-of-art-power-and-betrayal-3426936"
score = 8
+++

If you saw the poster for The Brutalist, featuring Adrien Brody squinting his eyes, staring straight at you in a low-angle shot, cigarette in mouth, with streaks of fire flying across, you might take him for an Italian-American gangster. Especially since The Brutalist sounds like the perfect title for a gangster flick, set in late 1950s America, adding to its vibe as the ultimate land of freedom and wild wealth. But The Brutalist isn’t that. It’s about architecture — big, heavy, concrete-and-steel stuff. These imposing structures mirror the post-World War II psyche. For those untouched by the war’s direct traumas, these brutalist buildings might feel cold and uninviting, even ugly. But for those who have endured the dehumanising horrors of war, they represent something deeply intimate.

Commit message:

Score is now a slice called scores

content/reviews/the-brutalist.md, after:

+++
critics = ["Manoj Kumar"]
date = 2025-03-02T13:46:36+05:30
draft = false
img = "the-brutalist.png"
media = "print"
mreviews = ["The Brutalist"]
opening = "For those untouched by the war’s direct traumas, these brutalist buildings might feel cold and uninviting, even ugly. But for those who have endured the dehumanising horrors of war, they represent something deeply intimate."
publication = "Deccan Herald"
scores = [8]
source = "https://www.deccanherald.com/entertainment/the-brutalist-movie-review-hypnotic-tale-of-art-power-and-betrayal-3426936"
subtitle = "Hypnotic tale of art, power, and betrayal"
title = "The Brutalist"
+++

If you saw the poster for The Brutalist, featuring Adrien Brody squinting his eyes, staring straight at you in a low-angle shot, cigarette in mouth, with streaks of fire flying across, you might take him for an Italian-American gangster. Especially since The Brutalist sounds like the perfect title for a gangster flick, set in late 1950s America, adding to its vibe as the ultimate land of freedom and wild wealth. But The Brutalist isn’t that. It’s about architecture — big, heavy, concrete-and-steel stuff. These imposing structures mirror the post-World War II psyche. For those untouched by the war’s direct traumas, these brutalist buildings might feel cold and uninviting, even ugly. But for those who have endured the dehumanising horrors of war, they represent something deeply intimate.
