content/reviews/the-fantastic-four-first-steps-3.md, before:

+++
title = "The Fantastic Four - First Steps"
date = 2025-07-26T18:16:09+05:30
draft = false
mreviews = ["The Fantastic Four - First Steps"]
critics = ['Rahul Desai']
publication = 'OTT Play'
subtitle = "A Bad Rebirth, A Good Newborn"
opening = "Matt Shakman’s star-studded reboot is a study of contrasts. As a modern superhero franchise, it’s too comicbook-ish to be an effective movie"
img = 'the-fantastic-four-first-steps-3.webp'
media = 'print'
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/the-fantastic-four-first-steps-a-bad-rebirth-a-good-newborn/a089c08ca8443"
score = 5
+++

I remember being traumatised by the mediocrity of The Fantastic Four (2005) and its Silver Surfer sequel (2007), back when superhero movies were still in the ‘Sam Raimi’s Spider-Man’ era. One of my first thoughts, as a red-blooded male teenager, was: Is Jessica Alba really worth the fuss? The Fantastic Four: First Steps is a considerable step up from both the 2000s debacles and the 2015 disaster (I bet you didn’t remember that one — well, neither do Michael Jordan, Kate Mara, Jamie Bell and Miles Teller). Granted, that doesn’t take a lot of doing, but as an MCU movie that absolutely ‘needed’ to be made to thicken the chaos of the next Avengers movie, it’s not the worst thing. It’s not the best thing either, but when did Marvel ever pretend to be ambitious within its anti-cinema aesthetic? The Emmy-nominated Martin Scorsese will tell you more.

Commit message:

Score is now a slice called scores

content/reviews/the-fantastic-four-first-steps-3.md, after:

+++
critics = ["Rahul Desai"]
date = 2025-07-26T18:16:09+05:30
draft = false
img = "the-fantastic-four-first-steps-3.webp"
media = "print"
mreviews = ["The Fantastic Four - First Steps"]
opening = "Matt Shakman’s star-studded reboot is a study of contrasts. As a modern superhero franchise, it’s too comicbook-ish to be an effective movie"
publication = "OTT Play"
scores = [5]
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/the-fantastic-four-first-steps-a-bad-rebirth-a-good-newborn/a089c08ca8443"
subtitle = "A Bad Rebirth, A Good Newborn"
title = "The Fantastic Four - First Steps"
+++

I remember being traumatised by the mediocrity of The Fantastic Four (2005) and its Silver Surfer sequel (2007), back when superhero movies were still in the ‘Sam Raimi’s Spider-Man’ era. One of my first thoughts, as a red-blooded male teenager, was: Is Jessica Alba really worth the fuss? The Fantastic Four: First Steps is a considerable step up from both the 2000s debacles and the 2015 disaster (I bet you didn’t remember that one — well, neither do Michael Jordan, Kate Mara, Jamie Bell and Miles Teller). Granted, that doesn’t take a lot of doing, but as an MCU movie that absolutely ‘needed’ to be made to thicken the chaos of the next Avengers movie, it’s not the worst thing. It’s not the best thing either, but when did Marvel ever pretend to be ambitious within its anti-cinema aesthetic? The Emmy-nominated Martin Scorsese will tell you more.
