content/reviews/the-diplomat-11.md, before:

+++
title = "The Diplomat"
date = 2025-03-15T10:09:08+05:30
draft = false
mreviews = ["The Diplomat"]
critics = ['Keyur Seta']
publication = 'The Common Man Speaks'
subtitle = "Realistic version of Gadar"
opening = ""
img = 'the-diplomat-11.jpeg'
media = 'print'
source = "https://thecommonmanspeaks.com/the-diplomat-review-realistic-version-of-gadar/"
score = 7
+++

Filmmaker Shivam Nair’s The Diplomat tells the real story of an Indian lady Uzma Ahmed (Sadia Khateeb), a single mother. She falls in love with a Pakistani national Tahir (Jagjeet Sandhu) while working in Malaysia in 2017. He promises to marry her and help treat her daughter, who suffers from Thalassemia. However, after she lands in Pakistan, she sees the real face of Tahir. He takes Uzma to the deserted land of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa where she realizes that he is already married and also has a few kids. But that’s not all. Tahir repeatedly physically and sexually abuses Uzma before forcing her to marry him. Once by chance, Uzma gets to know that the only way to escape from there is by somehow reaching the Indian embassy in Islamabad and ask for help. She makes Tahir take her to the Indian embassy through some pretext and, when he and his friends are away, barges inside the embassy and begs for help. But JP (John Abraham), the Deputy High Commissioner at the embassy, doubts her intentions.

Commit message:

Score is now a slice called scores

content/reviews/the-diplomat-11.md, after:

+++
critics = ["Keyur Seta"]
date = 2025-03-15T10:09:08+05:30
draft = false
img = "the-diplomat-11.jpeg"
media = "print"
mreviews = ["The Diplomat"]
opening = ""
publication = "The Common Man Speaks"
scores = [7]
source = "https://thecommonmanspeaks.com/the-diplomat-review-realistic-version-of-gadar/"
subtitle = "Realistic version of Gadar"
title = "The Diplomat"
+++

Filmmaker Shivam Nair’s The Diplomat tells the real story of an Indian lady Uzma Ahmed (Sadia Khateeb), a single mother. She falls in love with a Pakistani national Tahir (Jagjeet Sandhu) while working in Malaysia in 2017. He promises to marry her and help treat her daughter, who suffers from Thalassemia. However, after she lands in Pakistan, she sees the real face of Tahir. He takes Uzma to the deserted land of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa where she realizes that he is already married and also has a few kids. But that’s not all. Tahir repeatedly physically and sexually abuses Uzma before forcing her to marry him. Once by chance, Uzma gets to know that the only way to escape from there is by somehow reaching the Indian embassy in Islamabad and ask for help. She makes Tahir take her to the Indian embassy through some pretext and, when he and his friends are away, barges inside the embassy and begs for help. But JP (John Abraham), the Deputy High Commissioner at the embassy, doubts her intentions.
