content/reviews/the-bads-of-bollywood-12.md, before:

+++
title = "The Ba***ds of Bollywood"
date = 2025-09-22T09:58:36+05:30
draft = false
mreviews = ["The Ba***ds of Bollywood"]
critics = ['Udita Jhunjhunwala']
publication = 'The Voice of Fashion'
subtitle = "Aryan Khan flips the script"
opening = "Part personal and part parody, his directorial debut paints the glossy and seamy sides of the industry that has defined his life "
img = 'the-bads-of-bollywood-12.jpg'
media = 'print'
source = "https://www.thevoiceoffashion.com/intersections/opinion/aryan-khan-flips-the-script-with-bads-of-bollywood-6410"
score = 5.5
+++

For as long as Bollywood has existed, dynasties have shaped its stories, both on and off screen. Shah Rukh Khan, however, was the self-made outlier—the Delhi boy who rewrote the rules of stardom. His son Aryan Khan inherits not just wealth and visibility, but the paradox of being heir to self-made Bollywood royalty. So, when Aryan steps forward as writer-director of The Ba\*\*\*ds of Bollywood, the series is inevitably being measured against not just his craft but his surname also. From its opening frames, The Ba\*\*\*ds of Bollywood announces itself as more than just another OTT drama. Aryan’s debut as director is glossy, meta, and occasionally satirical, as eager to lampoon the industry as it is to luxuriate in its glossy surfaces. The series is, in many ways, a tug-of-war between love and resentment: for the power of Bollywood mythology, for the spectacle of its excess, and for the suffocating hierarchies that govern who belongs and who does not. That tension animates the show, and also exposes its unevenness.

Commit message:

Score is now a slice called scores

content/reviews/the-bads-of-bollywood-12.md, after:

+++
critics = ["Udita Jhunjhunwala"]
date = 2025-09-22T09:58:36+05:30
draft = false
img = "the-bads-of-bollywood-12.jpg"
media = "print"
mreviews = ["The Ba***ds of Bollywood"]
opening = "Part personal and part parody, his directorial debut paints the glossy and seamy sides of the industry that has defined his life "
publication = "The Voice of Fashion"
scores = [5.5]
source = "https://www.thevoiceoffashion.com/intersections/opinion/aryan-khan-flips-the-script-with-bads-of-bollywood-6410"
subtitle = "Aryan Khan flips the script"
title = "The Ba***ds of Bollywood"
+++

For as long as Bollywood has existed, dynasties have shaped its stories, both on and off screen. Shah Rukh Khan, however, was the self-made outlier—the Delhi boy who rewrote the rules of stardom. His son Aryan Khan inherits not just wealth and visibility, but the paradox of being heir to self-made Bollywood royalty. So, when Aryan steps forward as writer-director of The Ba\*\*\*ds of Bollywood, the series is inevitably being measured against not just his craft but his surname also. From its opening frames, The Ba\*\*\*ds of Bollywood announces itself as more than just another OTT drama. Aryan’s debut as director is glossy, meta, and occasionally satirical, as eager to lampoon the industry as it is to luxuriate in its glossy surfaces. The series is, in many ways, a tug-of-war between love and resentment: for the power of Bollywood mythology, for the spectacle of its excess, and for the suffocating hierarchies that govern who belongs and who does not. That tension animates the show, and also exposes its unevenness.
