content/reviews/the-white-lotus-s03-4.md, before:

+++
title = "The White Lotus S03"
date = 2025-04-09T17:50:55+05:30
draft = false
mreviews = ["The White Lotus S03"]
critics = ['Rahul Desai']
publication = 'OTT Play'
subtitle = "How Can You Not Be Romantic About Dying?"
opening = "The White Lotus 3 crafts a haunting fable of modern morality, where the truest connection ends not in escape, but in sacrifice. In dying, they resist the façade of survival — and become unforgettable."
img = 'the-white-lotus-s03-4.webp'
media = 'print'
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/the-white-lotus-season-3-how-can-you-not-be-romantic-about-dying/5178059ef6347"
score = 7
+++

Over its three seasons, The White Lotus has become an American TV franchise that at once satirises the insularity of American affluence and the superiority complex of a social media generation that laps up the satire. Much of the show — its characters, reaction shots, music, monologues, conversations, scandals, twists, weekly episodes — is staged with a sense of the memes, hyper-aware humour and internet buzz it generates. The virality is an inextricable part of the design. It caters to — but also skewers — an average woke viewer’s desire to be seen as well as their disdain towards Western capitalism and anti-intellectualism. We are invited to laugh at rich and culturally oblivious vacationers dispensing the emptiest thought farts with the self-seriousness of 13-year-old cinephiles. Note, for instance, the gravity of the score almost mocks the levity of Sam Rockwell’s hysterically hollow monologue about his sexual awakening (if one can even call it that). But we are also lured into identifying with a couple of ‘outsiders’ — people who think they’re better than everyone else — in each of the seasons. In Season 1, it’s a Black teenager tagging along on a Hawaiian holiday with the wealthy white family of her best friend; it’s also a freelance culture writer who’s newly married into money. In Season 2, it’s a straight-laced lawyer who cringes at the superficiality of her husband’s friends; it’s also a frumpy young assistant of an eccentric heiress on a Sicilian holiday.

Commit message:

Score is now a slice called scores

content/reviews/the-white-lotus-s03-4.md, after:

+++
critics = ["Rahul Desai"]
date = 2025-04-09T17:50:55+05:30
draft = false
img = "the-white-lotus-s03-4.webp"
media = "print"
mreviews = ["The White Lotus S03"]
opening = "The White Lotus 3 crafts a haunting fable of modern morality, where the truest connection ends not in escape, but in sacrifice. In dying, they resist the façade of survival — and become unforgettable."
publication = "OTT Play"
scores = [7]
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/the-white-lotus-season-3-how-can-you-not-be-romantic-about-dying/5178059ef6347"
subtitle = "How Can You Not Be Romantic About Dying?"
title = "The White Lotus S03"
+++

Over its three seasons, The White Lotus has become an American TV franchise that at once satirises the insularity of American affluence and the superiority complex of a social media generation that laps up the satire. Much of the show — its characters, reaction shots, music, monologues, conversations, scandals, twists, weekly episodes — is staged with a sense of the memes, hyper-aware humour and internet buzz it generates. The virality is an inextricable part of the design. It caters to — but also skewers — an average woke viewer’s desire to be seen as well as their disdain towards Western capitalism and anti-intellectualism. We are invited to laugh at rich and culturally oblivious vacationers dispensing the emptiest thought farts with the self-seriousness of 13-year-old cinephiles. Note, for instance, the gravity of the score almost mocks the levity of Sam Rockwell’s hysterically hollow monologue about his sexual awakening (if one can even call it that). But we are also lured into identifying with a couple of ‘outsiders’ — people who think they’re better than everyone else — in each of the seasons. In Season 1, it’s a Black teenager tagging along on a Hawaiian holiday with the wealthy white family of her best friend; it’s also a freelance culture writer who’s newly married into money. In Season 2, it’s a straight-laced lawyer who cringes at the superficiality of her husband’s friends; it’s also a frumpy young assistant of an eccentric heiress on a Sicilian holiday.
