content/reviews/the-girlfriend-2.md, before:

+++
title = "The Girlfriend"
date = 2025-11-07T21:11:26+05:30
draft = false
mreviews = ["The Girlfriend"]
critics = ['Subha J Rao']
publication = 'OTT Play'
subtitle = "A Superb Rashmika Mandanna Headlines This Sensitive Take On Toxic Relationships"
opening = "Rahul Ravindran's The Girlfriend is like the antidote to Arjun Reddy. It is the balm many young women need, it is a film telling them it sees them, and understands where they come from."
img = 'the-girlfriend-2.png'
media = 'print'
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/the-girlfriend-a-superb-rashmika-mandanna-headlines-this-sensitive-take-on-toxic-relationships/14c8f762d9604"
score = 8
+++

Certain phrases are difficult to showcase visually. I can immediately think of two — ‘When the walls are closing in’ and ‘Iron grip’. But after watching Rahul Ravindran’s searing, slow-burn The Girlfriend, I know it is possible. Rahul effortlessly manages to do that with the help of his tech team and fabulous lead actors — look out for the one where Bhooma (chef’s kiss for Rashmika Mandanna) feels suffocated and rushes into a room, turns the tap on, and panics when she literally feels a square room turn into a narrow rectangle; and all the scenes where Vikram (an excellent Dheekshith Shetty makes you loathe him with every fibre) throws his arm around Bhooma and pulls her in.

Commit message:

Score is now a slice called scores

content/reviews/the-girlfriend-2.md, after:

+++
critics = ["Subha J Rao"]
date = 2025-11-07T21:11:26+05:30
draft = false
img = "the-girlfriend-2.png"
media = "print"
mreviews = ["The Girlfriend"]
opening = "Rahul Ravindran's The Girlfriend is like the antidote to Arjun Reddy. It is the balm many young women need, it is a film telling them it sees them, and understands where they come from."
publication = "OTT Play"
scores = [8]
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/the-girlfriend-a-superb-rashmika-mandanna-headlines-this-sensitive-take-on-toxic-relationships/14c8f762d9604"
subtitle = "A Superb Rashmika Mandanna Headlines This Sensitive Take On Toxic Relationships"
title = "The Girlfriend"
+++

Certain phrases are difficult to showcase visually. I can immediately think of two — ‘When the walls are closing in’ and ‘Iron grip’. But after watching Rahul Ravindran’s searing, slow-burn The Girlfriend, I know it is possible. Rahul effortlessly manages to do that with the help of his tech team and fabulous lead actors — look out for the one where Bhooma (chef’s kiss for Rashmika Mandanna) feels suffocated and rushes into a room, turns the tap on, and panics when she literally feels a square room turn into a narrow rectangle; and all the scenes where Vikram (an excellent Dheekshith Shetty makes you loathe him with every fibre) throws his arm around Bhooma and pulls her in.
