content/reviews/the-bads-of-bollywood-14.md, before:

+++
title = "The Ba***ds of Bollywood"
date = 2025-09-25T08:38:13+05:30
draft = false
mreviews = ["The Ba***ds of Bollywood"]
critics = ['Keyur Seta']
publication = 'The Common Man Speaks'
subtitle = "Unabashedly whacky take on Bollywood with an overdose of expletives"
opening = ""
img = 'the-bads-of-bollywood-14.png'
media = 'print'
source = "https://thecommonmanspeaks.com/the-bads-of-bollywood-review-unabashedly-whacky-take-on-bollywood-with-an-overdose-of-expletives/"
score = 7
+++

The Ba\*\*\*ds Of Bollywood revolves around Aasmaan Singh (Lakshya), who dreams of becoming a famous movie star. After arriving in Mumbai from his hometown Delhi and struggling for some time, he gets an opportunity to showcase his heroic skills and bags the film Revolver. The movie becomes a hit and he achieves initial stardom. Aasmaan stays with his uncle Avtar (Manoj Pahwa), who has been struggling all his life to become a singer and musician, and his loyal best friend Parvaiz (Raghav Juyal). His mother Neeta (Mona Singh) once dreamt of becoming an actress but could not be more than a background dancer. His father Rajat (Vijayant Kohli) is suffering from a liver disease.

Commit message:

Score is now a slice called scores

content/reviews/the-bads-of-bollywood-14.md, after:

+++
critics = ["Keyur Seta"]
date = 2025-09-25T08:38:13+05:30
draft = false
img = "the-bads-of-bollywood-14.png"
media = "print"
mreviews = ["The Ba***ds of Bollywood"]
opening = ""
publication = "The Common Man Speaks"
scores = [7]
source = "https://thecommonmanspeaks.com/the-bads-of-bollywood-review-unabashedly-whacky-take-on-bollywood-with-an-overdose-of-expletives/"
subtitle = "Unabashedly whacky take on Bollywood with an overdose of expletives"
title = "The Ba***ds of Bollywood"
+++

The Ba\*\*\*ds Of Bollywood revolves around Aasmaan Singh (Lakshya), who dreams of becoming a famous movie star. After arriving in Mumbai from his hometown Delhi and struggling for some time, he gets an opportunity to showcase his heroic skills and bags the film Revolver. The movie becomes a hit and he achieves initial stardom. Aasmaan stays with his uncle Avtar (Manoj Pahwa), who has been struggling all his life to become a singer and musician, and his loyal best friend Parvaiz (Raghav Juyal). His mother Neeta (Mona Singh) once dreamt of becoming an actress but could not be more than a background dancer. His father Rajat (Vijayant Kohli) is suffering from a liver disease.
