content/reviews/the-royals-10.md, before:

+++
title = "The Royals"
date = 2025-05-10T19:10:19+05:30
draft = false
mreviews = ["The Royals"]
critics = ['Ishita Sengupta']
publication = 'OTT Play'
subtitle = "The Royals Is A Royal Bore"
opening = "A hallowed congregation of abysmal writing and disinterested filmmaking, and the union is specifically designed to make only one unit suffer: the audience."
img = 'the-royals-10.png'
media = 'print'
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/the-royals-is-a-royal-bore/4886674eae378"
score = 4
+++

Netflix's The Royals, the series about royalty and their way of life, is a fitting example of everything wrong with the streamer. The new eight-episode show is evidence of its cautious programming and the tendency of backing projects where actors are seen more chilling by the pool than uttering lines, and shot changes are excuses for wardrobe revamps. The Royals is a hallowed congregation of abysmal writing and disinterested filmmaking, and the union is specifically designed to make only one unit suffer: the audience. On paper, it is tempting to like something like The Royals. The stakes are constantly low, and the premise is as far-removed from reality as credible information is from major news studios in India. The aesthetic is pleasing to the eye (the neon-lit colour grading of Netflix, finally, takes a back seat) and the superfluity of the setting is a far cry from the real-life based template-driven true crime shows that have clogged every pore of the streamer’s slate. The triviality also calls for a leeway in expectations that, ideally, should serve a show like this.

Commit message:

Score is now a slice called scores

content/reviews/the-royals-10.md, after:

+++
critics = ["Ishita Sengupta"]
date = 2025-05-10T19:10:19+05:30
draft = false
img = "the-royals-10.png"
media = "print"
mreviews = ["The Royals"]
opening = "A hallowed congregation of abysmal writing and disinterested filmmaking, and the union is specifically designed to make only one unit suffer: the audience."
publication = "OTT Play"
scores = [4]
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/the-royals-is-a-royal-bore/4886674eae378"
subtitle = "The Royals Is A Royal Bore"
title = "The Royals"
+++

Netflix's The Royals, the series about royalty and their way of life, is a fitting example of everything wrong with the streamer. The new eight-episode show is evidence of its cautious programming and the tendency of backing projects where actors are seen more chilling by the pool than uttering lines, and shot changes are excuses for wardrobe revamps. The Royals is a hallowed congregation of abysmal writing and disinterested filmmaking, and the union is specifically designed to make only one unit suffer: the audience. On paper, it is tempting to like something like The Royals. The stakes are constantly low, and the premise is as far-removed from reality as credible information is from major news studios in India. The aesthetic is pleasing to the eye (the neon-lit colour grading of Netflix, finally, takes a back seat) and the superfluity of the setting is a far cry from the real-life based template-driven true crime shows that have clogged every pore of the streamer’s slate. The triviality also calls for a leeway in expectations that, ideally, should serve a show like this.
