content/reviews/the-four-seasons-2.md, before:

+++
title = "The Four Seasons"
date = 2025-05-10T19:02:30+05:30
draft = false
mreviews = ["The Four Seasons"]
critics = ['Rahul Desai']
publication = 'OTT Play'
subtitle = "A Friendship Poem Disguised As A Hollywood Rom-Com"
opening = "Explores time’s inevitable passage and its impact on people’s resistance to change, particularly in long-time friendships."
img = 'the-four-seasons-2.webp'
media = 'print'
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/the-four-seasons-a-friendship-poem-disguised-as-a-hollywood-rom-com/c46763e1f2368"
score = 7
+++

A miniseries adaptation of Alan Alda’s moderately popular 1981 rom-com of the same name, The Four Seasons revolves around a group of six lifelong friends — or three couples — on four seasonal trips together. Two episodes per ‘season’: a neat riff on the TV-sitcom template. It opens with a lake-house weekend to celebrate the 25th anniversary of one of the couples. Things go awry for the gang when the seemingly loving husband expresses his desire to divorce his wife. The woman, on her part, is blissfully planning a vow renewal ceremony. The consensus among the friends is that the successful 50-something man is having a midlife crisis. The consensus is also that nobody is as happy as they appear.

Commit message:

Score is now a slice called scores

content/reviews/the-four-seasons-2.md, after:

+++
critics = ["Rahul Desai"]
date = 2025-05-10T19:02:30+05:30
draft = false
img = "the-four-seasons-2.webp"
media = "print"
mreviews = ["The Four Seasons"]
opening = "Explores time’s inevitable passage and its impact on people’s resistance to change, particularly in long-time friendships."
publication = "OTT Play"
scores = [7]
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/the-four-seasons-a-friendship-poem-disguised-as-a-hollywood-rom-com/c46763e1f2368"
subtitle = "A Friendship Poem Disguised As A Hollywood Rom-Com"
title = "The Four Seasons"
+++

A miniseries adaptation of Alan Alda’s moderately popular 1981 rom-com of the same name, The Four Seasons revolves around a group of six lifelong friends — or three couples — on four seasonal trips together. Two episodes per ‘season’: a neat riff on the TV-sitcom template. It opens with a lake-house weekend to celebrate the 25th anniversary of one of the couples. Things go awry for the gang when the seemingly loving husband expresses his desire to divorce his wife. The woman, on her part, is blissfully planning a vow renewal ceremony. The consensus among the friends is that the successful 50-something man is having a midlife crisis. The consensus is also that nobody is as happy as they appear.
