content/reviews/the-remarkable-life-of-ibelin.md, before:

+++
title = 'The Remarkable Life of Ibelin'
date = 2024-10-31T10:59:42+05:30
draft = false
mreviews = ['The Remarkable Life of Ibelin']
critics = ['Rahul Desai']
subtitle = "The Retroactive Stillness Of Grief"
opening = "Director Benjamin Ree uses the investigative form of a true-crime drama. Except, the twist in this documentary is that the victim was actually a survivor — the grand revelation is life, not death"
img = 'the-remarkable-life-of-ibelin.png'
publication = 'OTTPlay'
media = 'print'
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/the-remarkable-life-of-ibelin-the-retroactive-stillness-of-grief/6c52eb2ab840"
score = 8
+++

Benjamin Ree’s The Remarkable Life of Ibelin starts off as a documentary about death. We see the tombstone of Mats Steen, a Norwegian boy whose body and soul were at war. A mix of VHS footage and family interviews then reveals that Mats had duchenne muscular dystrophy (DMD), a degenerative disease that reduced his 25 years to a hellish survival story. His mind yearned for the momentum his muscles never had. Subsequent clips show his body shrinking on landmarks and vacations, the end inching closer.

When Mats finally succumbs, it’s 2014; his parents and sister are trapped in the throes of fresh grief. They’re preparing for his funeral, but they’re also searching for the right reason — the hopeful words — to celebrate who he was. All they saw was a son and brother whose spirit was snuffed out. Mats is gone, his suffering has ended.

This is when the documentary comes to life. Mats’ family posts the news of his passing on his blog, and almost overnight, they are flooded with emails and letters from “strangers”. Slowly, they begin to get a sense of Mats’ legacy; they discover the heart within that fragile body. Like most youngsters of his generation, Mats was a World of Warcraft gamer. He spent years staring at an isolated screen; he had his own avatar, a strapping Viking-like hero named Ibelin. Unlike most youngsters, this world was his only world. Ibelin wasn’t his fantasy; he was his fantastical reality.

Commit message:

Score is now a slice called scores

content/reviews/the-remarkable-life-of-ibelin.md, after:

+++
critics = ["Rahul Desai"]
date = 2024-10-31T10:59:42+05:30
draft = false
img = "the-remarkable-life-of-ibelin.png"
media = "print"
mreviews = ["The Remarkable Life of Ibelin"]
opening = "Director Benjamin Ree uses the investigative form of a true-crime drama. Except, the twist in this documentary is that the victim was actually a survivor — the grand revelation is life, not death"
publication = "OTTPlay"
scores = [8]
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/the-remarkable-life-of-ibelin-the-retroactive-stillness-of-grief/6c52eb2ab840"
subtitle = "The Retroactive Stillness Of Grief"
title = "The Remarkable Life of Ibelin"
+++

Benjamin Ree’s The Remarkable Life of Ibelin starts off as a documentary about death. We see the tombstone of Mats Steen, a Norwegian boy whose body and soul were at war. A mix of VHS footage and family interviews then reveals that Mats had duchenne muscular dystrophy (DMD), a degenerative disease that reduced his 25 years to a hellish survival story. His mind yearned for the momentum his muscles never had. Subsequent clips show his body shrinking on landmarks and vacations, the end inching closer.

When Mats finally succumbs, it’s 2014; his parents and sister are trapped in the throes of fresh grief. They’re preparing for his funeral, but they’re also searching for the right reason — the hopeful words — to celebrate who he was. All they saw was a son and brother whose spirit was snuffed out. Mats is gone, his suffering has ended.

This is when the documentary comes to life. Mats’ family posts the news of his passing on his blog, and almost overnight, they are flooded with emails and letters from “strangers”. Slowly, they begin to get a sense of Mats’ legacy; they discover the heart within that fragile body. Like most youngsters of his generation, Mats was a World of Warcraft gamer. He spent years staring at an isolated screen; he had his own avatar, a strapping Viking-like hero named Ibelin. Unlike most youngsters, this world was his only world. Ibelin wasn’t his fantasy; he was his fantastical reality.
