content/reviews/the-chronicles-of-the-4.5-gang.md, before:

+++
title = "The Chronicles of the 4.5 Gang"
date = 2025-08-29T21:29:28+05:30
draft = false
mreviews = ["The Chronicles of the 4.5 Gang"]
critics = ['Aditya Shrikrishna']
publication = 'OTT Play'
subtitle = "Uneven, Yet Entertainingly Solid"
opening = "Krishand’s narrative balances the style and pop glamour traditionally associated with the gangster genre with a more straightforward, truth-seeking tale of men confronting reality."
img = 'the-chronicles-of-the-4.5-gang.webp'
media = 'print'
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/the-chronicles-of-the-45-gang-is-uneven-but-solid-entertaining/69441beb84221"
score = 6
+++

“You don't know anything about postmodern narrative”, bemoans the Malayalam writer, ghost writing a novel for a small-time, but battle-hardened, world-weary gangster from Thiruvanchipuram. The gangster is narrating his admittedly short but eventful story of adult life, his criminal escapades with four other friends. Crime wasn’t the choice they made. It was a byproduct of all their attempts to legitimise their lives out of oppression, a ticket out of their matchbox-sized slums. Arikuttan, charmingly played by Sanju Sivram, sits across writer Maithreyan, veteran in spirit (played by Jagadish) as well as pedigree, and tells him to go easy on the colourful digressions that the writer plucks out of his imagination. But Maithreyan wants that postmodern flourish, that bite of a story that functions as an adventure with an immediate judgment call laced with irony. It’s not surprising. The writer and director is Krishand, and the Sony LIV web series Sambhava Vivaranam Nalarasangham, or The Chronicles of the 4.5 Gang, has his stamp all over.

Commit message:

Score is now a slice called scores

content/reviews/the-chronicles-of-the-4.5-gang.md, after:

+++
critics = ["Aditya Shrikrishna"]
date = 2025-08-29T21:29:28+05:30
draft = false
img = "the-chronicles-of-the-4.5-gang.webp"
media = "print"
mreviews = ["The Chronicles of the 4.5 Gang"]
opening = "Krishand’s narrative balances the style and pop glamour traditionally associated with the gangster genre with a more straightforward, truth-seeking tale of men confronting reality."
publication = "OTT Play"
scores = [6]
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/the-chronicles-of-the-45-gang-is-uneven-but-solid-entertaining/69441beb84221"
subtitle = "Uneven, Yet Entertainingly Solid"
title = "The Chronicles of the 4.5 Gang"
+++

“You don't know anything about postmodern narrative”, bemoans the Malayalam writer, ghost writing a novel for a small-time, but battle-hardened, world-weary gangster from Thiruvanchipuram. The gangster is narrating his admittedly short but eventful story of adult life, his criminal escapades with four other friends. Crime wasn’t the choice they made. It was a byproduct of all their attempts to legitimise their lives out of oppression, a ticket out of their matchbox-sized slums. Arikuttan, charmingly played by Sanju Sivram, sits across writer Maithreyan, veteran in spirit (played by Jagadish) as well as pedigree, and tells him to go easy on the colourful digressions that the writer plucks out of his imagination. But Maithreyan wants that postmodern flourish, that bite of a story that functions as an adventure with an immediate judgment call laced with irony. It’s not surprising. The writer and director is Krishand, and the Sony LIV web series Sambhava Vivaranam Nalarasangham, or The Chronicles of the 4.5 Gang, has his stamp all over.
