content/reviews/the-bengal-files-4.md, before:

+++
title = "The Bengal Files"
date = 2025-09-06T17:45:37+05:30
draft = false
mreviews = ["The Bengal Files"]
critics = ['Shilajit Mitra']
subtitle = 'A Shallow And Slanted Polemic'
opening = "It's almost admirable how proudly and single-mindedly Vivek Ranjan Agnihotri's 'The Bengal Files' pursues its worldview, brooking no argument, feeding on and verifying majoritarian anxieties much like the power structures it decries"
publication = ""
img = 'the-bengal-files-4.webp'
media = 'print'
source = "https://www.hollywoodreporterindia.com/reviews/theatrical/the-bengal-files-movie-review-a-sallow-and-slanted-polemic-from-vivek-ranjan-agnihotri"
score = 2
+++

Credit where it's due: Vivek Ranjan Agnihotri makes the most interactive Hindi films imaginable. One of the discreet pleasures of watching his Files trilogy — Bengal was preceded by Kashmir and Tashkent — in theatres is also listening in on the audience chatter. His films coast on a call-and-response strategy that I find uniquely fascinating. There are pauses built into the narrative for the viewer to gasp and react—in horror, in indignation. Ideologically, these films are crude and convenient monologues; as a piece of communal theatre, though, they're a dialogue! My morning screening of The Bengal Files at a suburban multiplex in Mumbai was by no means a muted experience. When a hopeful and patriotic man, circa 1946, announces optimistically that Calcutta will be never become a 'Muslim' city, an elderly lady three rows from me ad-libbed sarcastically, "Of course it wont". On Mahatma Gandhi hawking his spiel of non-violence as Hindus are butchered in the streets: "What an a\*\*hole". And a little earlier, when a Sikh character enters the narrative, this priceless enquiry to the screen: "What is a sardar doing in Bengal?"

Commit message:

Score is now a slice called scores

content/reviews/the-bengal-files-4.md, after:

+++
critics = ["Shilajit Mitra"]
date = 2025-09-06T17:45:37+05:30
draft = false
img = "the-bengal-files-4.webp"
media = "print"
mreviews = ["The Bengal Files"]
opening = "It's almost admirable how proudly and single-mindedly Vivek Ranjan Agnihotri's 'The Bengal Files' pursues its worldview, brooking no argument, feeding on and verifying majoritarian anxieties much like the power structures it decries"
publication = ""
scores = [2]
source = "https://www.hollywoodreporterindia.com/reviews/theatrical/the-bengal-files-movie-review-a-sallow-and-slanted-polemic-from-vivek-ranjan-agnihotri"
subtitle = "A Shallow And Slanted Polemic"
title = "The Bengal Files"
+++

Credit where it's due: Vivek Ranjan Agnihotri makes the most interactive Hindi films imaginable. One of the discreet pleasures of watching his Files trilogy — Bengal was preceded by Kashmir and Tashkent — in theatres is also listening in on the audience chatter. His films coast on a call-and-response strategy that I find uniquely fascinating. There are pauses built into the narrative for the viewer to gasp and react—in horror, in indignation. Ideologically, these films are crude and convenient monologues; as a piece of communal theatre, though, they're a dialogue! My morning screening of The Bengal Files at a suburban multiplex in Mumbai was by no means a muted experience. When a hopeful and patriotic man, circa 1946, announces optimistically that Calcutta will be never become a 'Muslim' city, an elderly lady three rows from me ad-libbed sarcastically, "Of course it wont". On Mahatma Gandhi hawking his spiel of non-violence as Hindus are butchered in the streets: "What an a\*\*hole". And a little earlier, when a Sikh character enters the narrative, this priceless enquiry to the screen: "What is a sardar doing in Bengal?"
