content/reviews/thode-door-thode-paas.md, before:

+++
title = "Thode Door Thode Paas"
date = 2025-11-07T19:23:35+05:30
draft = false
mreviews = ["Thode Door Thode Paas"]
critics = ['Udita Jhunjhunwala']
publication = 'Scroll.in'
subtitle = "A digital detox leads to analogue joy"
opening = "The five-episode series written by Shiirshak S Anand and directed by Ajay Bhuyan is out on ZEE5."
img = 'thode-door-thode-paas.jpeg'
media = 'print'
source = "https://scroll.in/reel/1088353/thode-door-thode-paas-review-a-digital-detox-leads-to-analogue-joy"
score = 5.5
+++

Thode Door Thode Paas is a comedy drama that explores a modern family’s attempt to unplug and reconnect. Set in the lively Mehta household, the ZEE5 series follows Simran (Mona Singh), who runs a bridal wear boutique out of her garage, her husband Kunal (Kunaal Roy Kapur), an online numerologist, their 19-year-old daughter Avni (Ayesha Kaduskar) and school-going son Vivaan (Sartaaj Kakkar). Kunal has added four extra As to his son's name to fix his fortunes, yet his report card doesn’t have even one A.

Commit message:

Score is now a slice called scores

content/reviews/thode-door-thode-paas.md, after:

+++
critics = ["Udita Jhunjhunwala"]
date = 2025-11-07T19:23:35+05:30
draft = false
img = "thode-door-thode-paas.jpeg"
media = "print"
mreviews = ["Thode Door Thode Paas"]
opening = "The five-episode series written by Shiirshak S Anand and directed by Ajay Bhuyan is out on ZEE5."
publication = "Scroll.in"
scores = [5.5]
source = "https://scroll.in/reel/1088353/thode-door-thode-paas-review-a-digital-detox-leads-to-analogue-joy"
subtitle = "A digital detox leads to analogue joy"
title = "Thode Door Thode Paas"
+++

Thode Door Thode Paas is a comedy drama that explores a modern family’s attempt to unplug and reconnect. Set in the lively Mehta household, the ZEE5 series follows Simran (Mona Singh), who runs a bridal wear boutique out of her garage, her husband Kunal (Kunaal Roy Kapur), an online numerologist, their 19-year-old daughter Avni (Ayesha Kaduskar) and school-going son Vivaan (Sartaaj Kakkar). Kunal has added four extra As to his son's name to fix his fortunes, yet his report card doesn’t have even one A.
