content/reviews/thug-life-2.md, before:

+++
title = "Thug Life"
date = 2025-06-05T22:31:47+05:30
draft = false
mreviews = ["Thug Life"]
critics = ['Aditya Shrikrishna']
publication = 'OTT Play'
subtitle = "A Strange, Lifeless Film From Mani Ratnam And Kamal Haasan"
opening = "It is hard to make out what interested Haasan and Ratnam in this head-scratcher of a film"
img = 'thug-life-2.jpeg'
media = 'print'
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/thug-life-a-strange-lifeless-film-from-mani-ratnam-and-kamal-haasan/c300cf5447756"
score = 5
+++

It is not prudent to use business terms for art but as this concerns mainstream commercial cinema anyway, here we are. Usually, a Mani Ratnam film promises minimum guarantee. No matter what the film has in store — it works, meanders, dips or is politically dubious — there is always something cinematic, something inspired scattered here and there. Something you can take home, something you can watch in isolation years later. A shot, a stray scene or line or exchange that we can search on YouTube long after the release of the film. Kadal has some exquisite kinetic shotmaking. Guru is magical in some of its interpersonal dynamics. Thiruda Thiruda, for all its vacuousness, is a great ride and rarely a slog. Kaatru Veliyidai at its core has a wonderful premise that is lifelike and probed with intent even if timidly. So far Chekka Chivantha Vaanam was that odd one out with hardly a Mani Ratnam stamp. But here we are: as celebrated as Nayakan is and will remain forever, Mani Ratnam’s weakest film, for now, is his second collaboration with Kamal Haasan — Thug Life.

Commit message:

Score is now a slice called scores

content/reviews/thug-life-2.md, after:

+++
critics = ["Aditya Shrikrishna"]
date = 2025-06-05T22:31:47+05:30
draft = false
img = "thug-life-2.jpeg"
media = "print"
mreviews = ["Thug Life"]
opening = "It is hard to make out what interested Haasan and Ratnam in this head-scratcher of a film"
publication = "OTT Play"
scores = [5]
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/thug-life-a-strange-lifeless-film-from-mani-ratnam-and-kamal-haasan/c300cf5447756"
subtitle = "A Strange, Lifeless Film From Mani Ratnam And Kamal Haasan"
title = "Thug Life"
+++

It is not prudent to use business terms for art but as this concerns mainstream commercial cinema anyway, here we are. Usually, a Mani Ratnam film promises minimum guarantee. No matter what the film has in store — it works, meanders, dips or is politically dubious — there is always something cinematic, something inspired scattered here and there. Something you can take home, something you can watch in isolation years later. A shot, a stray scene or line or exchange that we can search on YouTube long after the release of the film. Kadal has some exquisite kinetic shotmaking. Guru is magical in some of its interpersonal dynamics. Thiruda Thiruda, for all its vacuousness, is a great ride and rarely a slog. Kaatru Veliyidai at its core has a wonderful premise that is lifelike and probed with intent even if timidly. So far Chekka Chivantha Vaanam was that odd one out with hardly a Mani Ratnam stamp. But here we are: as celebrated as Nayakan is and will remain forever, Mani Ratnam’s weakest film, for now, is his second collaboration with Kamal Haasan — Thug Life.
