content/reviews/thunderbolts-7.md, before:

+++
title = "Thunderbolts*"
date = 2025-05-10T19:05:27+05:30
draft = false
mreviews = ["Thunderbolts*"]
critics = ['Rahul Desai']
publication = 'OTT Play'
subtitle = "The Marvel Cinematic Universe Goes To Therapy"
opening = "The origin story of a new decade of people—fictional and real—hoping to move on from the Avengers into an era of uncertainty and promise."
img = 'thunderbolts-7.png'
media = 'print'
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/thunderbolts-marvel-cinematic-universe-goes-to-therapy/7c9114df06766"
score = 6
+++

Thunderbolts\* has a soul beneath layers of superhero set pieces and tropes — it mixes a bit of Inception (shame rooms full of old memories) with some Inside Out and Hancock. It’s not subtle with its gimmicks and visual symbolisms, of course, but it suggests that all the superhero fans who flock to theatres in search of escapism and thrills are inherently wired to avoid the imperfections of being human. It forces most MCU enthusiasts to confront the very life that the comic-book multiverse protects them from.

Commit message:

Score is now a slice called scores

content/reviews/thunderbolts-7.md, after:

+++
critics = ["Rahul Desai"]
date = 2025-05-10T19:05:27+05:30
draft = false
img = "thunderbolts-7.png"
media = "print"
mreviews = ["Thunderbolts*"]
opening = "The origin story of a new decade of people—fictional and real—hoping to move on from the Avengers into an era of uncertainty and promise."
publication = "OTT Play"
scores = [6]
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/thunderbolts-marvel-cinematic-universe-goes-to-therapy/7c9114df06766"
subtitle = "The Marvel Cinematic Universe Goes To Therapy"
title = "Thunderbolts*"
+++

Thunderbolts\* has a soul beneath layers of superhero set pieces and tropes — it mixes a bit of Inception (shame rooms full of old memories) with some Inside Out and Hancock. It’s not subtle with its gimmicks and visual symbolisms, of course, but it suggests that all the superhero fans who flock to theatres in search of escapism and thrills are inherently wired to avoid the imperfections of being human. It forces most MCU enthusiasts to confront the very life that the comic-book multiverse protects them from.
