content/reviews/train-dreams-2.md, before:

+++
title = "Train Dreams"
date = 2025-12-05T09:36:18+05:30
draft = false
mreviews = ["Train Dreams"]
critics = ['Rahul Desai']
publication = 'OTT Play'
subtitle = "The Ruins Of Remaining"
opening = "Train Dreams reclaims the importance of feeling like someone, not just anyone. Of knowing that no emotion is futile, no sadness is small, no memory is hollow, and no life is pointless."
img = 'train-dreams-2.webp'
media = 'print'
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/train-dreams-the-ruins-of-remaining/d5537b21a6653"
score = 8
+++

In Train Dreams, life is but an accruement of endings. Based on Denis Johnson’s 2011 novella, Clint Bentley’s tender fever-dream of a film is rooted in the anonymity of time: an anti-Forrest Gump of sorts. It’s about the kind of man that history is wired to forget: a humble woodlogger and railroad construction worker, a normal husband and father, a survivor and soliloquy, a grafter and griever. A voice-over introduces Robert Grainier (Joel Edgerton) as an orphan in his childhood; it closes with him at 80, having lived and loved and lost and lived in the shadow of loss. He is a reluctant protagonist masquerading as just another person. It’s almost as if the story keeps leaving him behind in the hope that he will catch up.

Commit message:

Score is now a slice called scores

content/reviews/train-dreams-2.md, after:

+++
critics = ["Rahul Desai"]
date = 2025-12-05T09:36:18+05:30
draft = false
img = "train-dreams-2.webp"
media = "print"
mreviews = ["Train Dreams"]
opening = "Train Dreams reclaims the importance of feeling like someone, not just anyone. Of knowing that no emotion is futile, no sadness is small, no memory is hollow, and no life is pointless."
publication = "OTT Play"
scores = [8]
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/train-dreams-the-ruins-of-remaining/d5537b21a6653"
subtitle = "The Ruins Of Remaining"
title = "Train Dreams"
+++

In Train Dreams, life is but an accruement of endings. Based on Denis Johnson’s 2011 novella, Clint Bentley’s tender fever-dream of a film is rooted in the anonymity of time: an anti-Forrest Gump of sorts. It’s about the kind of man that history is wired to forget: a humble woodlogger and railroad construction worker, a normal husband and father, a survivor and soliloquy, a grafter and griever. A voice-over introduces Robert Grainier (Joel Edgerton) as an orphan in his childhood; it closes with him at 80, having lived and loved and lost and lived in the shadow of loss. He is a reluctant protagonist masquerading as just another person. It’s almost as if the story keeps leaving him behind in the hope that he will catch up.
