content/reviews/ullozukku-2.md, before:

+++
title = 'Ullozhukku'
date = 2024-10-14T00:38:54+05:30
draft = true
mreviews = ['Ullozhukku']
critics = ['Aswathy Gopalakrishnan']
subtitle = 'An Astounding Urvashi Headlines a Tender Film On Love That Defies Conventions'
opening = 'Urvashi is a quiet rage throughout the film, stirring the frame even when she is sitting still and staring at the abyss that has opened up in her being'
img = 'ullozhukku-2.png'
media = 'print'
source = 'https://www.filmcompanion.in/reviews/malayalam-review/ullozhukku-review-an-astounding-urvashi-headlines-a-tender-film-parvathy-malayalam-movie'
score = 7
+++

he first few events in _Ullozhukku_ (Under Current), directed by Christo Tomy, happen in quick succession. Life falls through Anju’s (Parvathy) fingers before she can chart a plan. From a wide-eyed sales girl at a textile shop furtively smiling at her lover, she transforms into a bride posing for awkward post-wedding pictures on a backwater boat, her eyes heavy from what was likely a teary night. The film then moves to the old, spacious house of her husband, Thomas Kutty (Prasanth Murali), and his doting mother, Leelamma (Urvashi), in Kuttanad, where time, like a boat engine whirring to a halt at the dock, comes to a pressing stillness.

The first few events in _Ullozhukku_ (Under Current), directed by Christo Tomy, happen in quick succession. Life falls through Anju’s (Parvathy) fingers before she can chart a plan. From a wide-eyed sales girl at a textile shop furtively smiling at her lover, she transforms into a bride posing for awkward post-wedding pictures on a backwater boat, her eyes heavy from what was likely a teary night. The film then moves to the old, spacious house of her husband, Thomas Kutty (Prasanth Murali), and his doting mother, Leelamma (Urvashi), in Kuttanad, where time, like a boat engine whirring to a halt at the dock, comes to a pressing stillness.

Commit message:

Score is now a slice called scores

content/reviews/ullozukku-2.md, after:

+++
critics = ["Aswathy Gopalakrishnan"]
date = 2024-10-14T00:38:54+05:30
draft = true
img = "ullozhukku-2.png"
media = "print"
mreviews = ["Ullozhukku"]
opening = "Urvashi is a quiet rage throughout the film, stirring the frame even when she is sitting still and staring at the abyss that has opened up in her being"
scores = [7]
source = "https://www.filmcompanion.in/reviews/malayalam-review/ullozhukku-review-an-astounding-urvashi-headlines-a-tender-film-parvathy-malayalam-movie"
subtitle = "An Astounding Urvashi Headlines a Tender Film On Love That Defies Conventions"
title = "Ullozhukku"
+++

he first few events in _Ullozhukku_ (Under Current), directed by Christo Tomy, happen in quick succession. Life falls through Anju’s (Parvathy) fingers before she can chart a plan. From a wide-eyed sales girl at a textile shop furtively smiling at her lover, she transforms into a bride posing for awkward post-wedding pictures on a backwater boat, her eyes heavy from what was likely a teary night. The film then moves to the old, spacious house of her husband, Thomas Kutty (Prasanth Murali), and his doting mother, Leelamma (Urvashi), in Kuttanad, where time, like a boat engine whirring to a halt at the dock, comes to a pressing stillness.

The first few events in _Ullozhukku_ (Under Current), directed by Christo Tomy, happen in quick succession. Life falls through Anju’s (Parvathy) fingers before she can chart a plan. From a wide-eyed sales girl at a textile shop furtively smiling at her lover, she transforms into a bride posing for awkward post-wedding pictures on a backwater boat, her eyes heavy from what was likely a teary night. The film then moves to the old, spacious house of her husband, Thomas Kutty (Prasanth Murali), and his doting mother, Leelamma (Urvashi), in Kuttanad, where time, like a boat engine whirring to a halt at the dock, comes to a pressing stillness.
