content/reviews/vaa-vaathiyaar.md, before:

+++
title = "Vaa Vaathiyaar"
date = 2026-01-17T01:29:16+05:30
draft = false
mreviews = ["Vaa Vaathiyaar"]
critics = ['Aditya Shrikrishna']
publication = 'OTT Play'
subtitle = "A Fun, Campy Vigilante Film"
opening = "Nalan Kumaraswamy weaponises the idea of MGR, the screen hero, staging a pulpy vigilante drama that is as much about cinema’s myths as it is about the state’s abuse of power."
img = 'vaa-vaathiyaar.webp'
media = 'print'
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/vaa-vaathiyaar-is-a-fun-campy-vigilante-film/f88e82fc65241"
score = 6.5
+++

Nalan Kumaraswamy has been around Tamil cinema forever now. Yet the first winner of Naalaya Iyakkunar, the programme that gave us a handful of new-age filmmakers still working today, has only made three films. It’s surprising, considering the prolific output of his contemporaries and the value of the singular voice he brings to cinema. Thirteen years after his debut, his third film, Vaa Vaathiyaar, finally made it to theatres this week. The one quality that stands out in Nalan’s work is the postmodernism that permeates his characters and extends beyond mere window dressing in his frames. It is present in entirety of Soodhu Kavvum (2013) and very much central to his script contributions in Thiagarajan Kumararaja’s Super Deluxe (2019). Funnily enough, his sophomore film Kadhalum Kadanthu Pogum (2016) is far from cynical and serves as one of the best romantic films from Tamil in the past two decades. Vaa Vaathiyaar is marketed as a masala or commercial fare from Nalan, and it is easy to see why.

Commit message:

Score is now a slice called scores

content/reviews/vaa-vaathiyaar.md, after:

+++
critics = ["Aditya Shrikrishna"]
date = 2026-01-17T01:29:16+05:30
draft = false
img = "vaa-vaathiyaar.webp"
media = "print"
mreviews = ["Vaa Vaathiyaar"]
opening = "Nalan Kumaraswamy weaponises the idea of MGR, the screen hero, staging a pulpy vigilante drama that is as much about cinema’s myths as it is about the state’s abuse of power."
publication = "OTT Play"
scores = [6.5]
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/vaa-vaathiyaar-is-a-fun-campy-vigilante-film/f88e82fc65241"
subtitle = "A Fun, Campy Vigilante Film"
title = "Vaa Vaathiyaar"
+++

Nalan Kumaraswamy has been around Tamil cinema forever now. Yet the first winner of Naalaya Iyakkunar, the programme that gave us a handful of new-age filmmakers still working today, has only made three films. It’s surprising, considering the prolific output of his contemporaries and the value of the singular voice he brings to cinema. Thirteen years after his debut, his third film, Vaa Vaathiyaar, finally made it to theatres this week. The one quality that stands out in Nalan’s work is the postmodernism that permeates his characters and extends beyond mere window dressing in his frames. It is present in entirety of Soodhu Kavvum (2013) and very much central to his script contributions in Thiagarajan Kumararaja’s Super Deluxe (2019). Funnily enough, his sophomore film Kadhalum Kadanthu Pogum (2016) is far from cynical and serves as one of the best romantic films from Tamil in the past two decades. Vaa Vaathiyaar is marketed as a masala or commercial fare from Nalan, and it is easy to see why.
