content/reviews/vettaiyan-4.md, before:

+++
title = 'Vettaiyan'
date = 2024-10-11T08:08:34+05:30
draft = false
mreviews = ['Vettaiyan']
critics = ['Kirubhakar Purushothaman']
subtitle = 'Rajinikanth Is Superb But Out of Place in TJ Gnanavel’s Noble Attempt'
opening = 'TJ Gnanavel’s simple and predictable film leaves us wondering why it needed such supergiants in the first place.'
img = 'vettaiyan-4.jpeg'
media = 'print'
source = 'https://www.news18.com/movies/vettaiyan-movie-review-rajinikanth-is-superb-but-out-of-place-in-tj-gnanavels-noble-attempt-9081463.html'
score = 5
+++

All Rajinikanth films have some default settings. It doesn’t matter who directs him, they have to play by these rules or around it. Experimentations by the director are allowed but within the frame of the boilerplate. The success then comes down to how the proverbial ‘director’s touch’ syncs with the template of a superstar film.

With Vettaiyan, TJ Gnanavel has tried his best to weave a realistic social commentary around the quintessential superstar, and the result is a conspicuous mismatch of tone. While Gnanavel gets a lot of moments right, the excess of Superstar isn’t his strong zone. Thus, Rajinikanth’s heroic moments become perfunctory, like most of the things in the film.

n essence, Vettaiyan is about an ethical problem. On one hand, Athiyan, the Superintendent of Police, popularly known as Vettaiyan (Hunter) in the department, is all in for the extrajudicial killing of sinister criminals. On the other, Sathyadev (Amitabh Bachchan), a retired judge, and a humanitarian, is on a crusade against such police encounters. The two finally get a face when Athiyan makes a blunder while investigating a case involving a government school teacher Saranya (Dushara).

Commit message:

Score is now a slice called scores

content/reviews/vettaiyan-4.md, after:

+++
critics = ["Kirubhakar Purushothaman"]
date = 2024-10-11T08:08:34+05:30
draft = false
img = "vettaiyan-4.jpeg"
media = "print"
mreviews = ["Vettaiyan"]
opening = "TJ Gnanavel’s simple and predictable film leaves us wondering why it needed such supergiants in the first place."
scores = [5]
source = "https://www.news18.com/movies/vettaiyan-movie-review-rajinikanth-is-superb-but-out-of-place-in-tj-gnanavels-noble-attempt-9081463.html"
subtitle = "Rajinikanth Is Superb But Out of Place in TJ Gnanavel’s Noble Attempt"
title = "Vettaiyan"
+++

All Rajinikanth films have some default settings. It doesn’t matter who directs him, they have to play by these rules or around it. Experimentations by the director are allowed but within the frame of the boilerplate. The success then comes down to how the proverbial ‘director’s touch’ syncs with the template of a superstar film.

With Vettaiyan, TJ Gnanavel has tried his best to weave a realistic social commentary around the quintessential superstar, and the result is a conspicuous mismatch of tone. While Gnanavel gets a lot of moments right, the excess of Superstar isn’t his strong zone. Thus, Rajinikanth’s heroic moments become perfunctory, like most of the things in the film.

n essence, Vettaiyan is about an ethical problem. On one hand, Athiyan, the Superintendent of Police, popularly known as Vettaiyan (Hunter) in the department, is all in for the extrajudicial killing of sinister criminals. On the other, Sathyadev (Amitabh Bachchan), a retired judge, and a humanitarian, is on a crusade against such police encounters. The two finally get a face when Athiyan makes a blunder while investigating a case involving a government school teacher Saranya (Dushara).
