content/reviews/vettaiyan-2.md, before:

+++
title = 'Vettaiyan'
date = 2024-10-11T08:02:31+05:30
draft = false
mreviews = ['Vettaiyan']
critics = ['Aditya Shrikrishna']
publication = 'OTT Play'
subtitle = 'A Tiring Film From A Tired Rajinikanth'
opening = 'With Vettaiyan, filmmaker TJ Gnanavel concerns himself with several issues at once. It is like walking into a multi-cuisine restaurant and not a single dish is done well.'
img = 'vettaiyan-1.webp'
media = 'print'
source = 'https://www.ottplay.com/features/vettaiyan-a-tiring-film-from-a-tired-rajinikanth/6c0e62b91f912'
score = 5
+++

There are always visual and grammatical cues to determine the origin of any kind of cinema. In India, it differs with language and region but there is one kind of image that is not exactly the pride of Tamil cinema. Simplistic and overused in the last thirty years, its progenitor is probably director Shankar though the image draws power from the long history of Tamil Nadu in post-independent India.

It is the sight of protesting people, the sight of people pouring their emotions out to the TV media, news footage spilling over as a character on screen and people surrounding a terrible event or crime. They mean to add to the gravity of the situation. The severity of it all. It has appeared in many films and evolved to feature on the internet and social media. An indelible image from Tamil cinema, one that looks to quickfire solutions to sociopolitical issues, in which one man fights for the angry citizens populating these scenes. TJ Gnanavel uses these images in Vettaiyan, his third film, this one increasing the stakes by featuring Rajinikanth taking the law in his hands while also being responsible for its preservation.

Commit message:

Score is now a slice called scores

content/reviews/vettaiyan-2.md, after:

+++
critics = ["Aditya Shrikrishna"]
date = 2024-10-11T08:02:31+05:30
draft = false
img = "vettaiyan-1.webp"
media = "print"
mreviews = ["Vettaiyan"]
opening = "With Vettaiyan, filmmaker TJ Gnanavel concerns himself with several issues at once. It is like walking into a multi-cuisine restaurant and not a single dish is done well."
publication = "OTT Play"
scores = [5]
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/vettaiyan-a-tiring-film-from-a-tired-rajinikanth/6c0e62b91f912"
subtitle = "A Tiring Film From A Tired Rajinikanth"
title = "Vettaiyan"
+++

There are always visual and grammatical cues to determine the origin of any kind of cinema. In India, it differs with language and region but there is one kind of image that is not exactly the pride of Tamil cinema. Simplistic and overused in the last thirty years, its progenitor is probably director Shankar though the image draws power from the long history of Tamil Nadu in post-independent India.

It is the sight of protesting people, the sight of people pouring their emotions out to the TV media, news footage spilling over as a character on screen and people surrounding a terrible event or crime. They mean to add to the gravity of the situation. The severity of it all. It has appeared in many films and evolved to feature on the internet and social media. An indelible image from Tamil cinema, one that looks to quickfire solutions to sociopolitical issues, in which one man fights for the angry citizens populating these scenes. TJ Gnanavel uses these images in Vettaiyan, his third film, this one increasing the stakes by featuring Rajinikanth taking the law in his hands while also being responsible for its preservation.
