content/reviews/vidaamuyarchi-2.md, before:

+++
title = "Vidaamuyarchi"
date = 2025-02-07T08:52:09+05:30
draft = false
mreviews = ["Vidaamuyarchi"]
critics = ['Aditya Shrikrishna']
publication = 'OTTplay'
subtitle = "Ajith-Trisha Thriller Doesn’t Fully Commit To Its Genre"
opening = "Vidaamuyarchi is a genre film: a road action thriller where the thrills need to be earned. And it does a commendable job of establishing terrain as well as characters."
img = 'vidaamuyarchi-2.png'
media = 'print'
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/vidaamuyarchi-ajith-trisha-thriller-doesnt-fully-commit-to-its-genre/deb998e80b636"
score = 5
+++

Magizh Thirumeni’s Vidaamuyarchi, starring Ajith Kumar, Trisha Krishnan, Arjun Sarja and Regina Cassandra, adapts from Jonathan Mostow’s 1997 film Breakdown. The premise and several plot events are similar, but Magizh’s additions and adornments do stand out as one would expect in an Indian version with a huge star in the lead. Just look at the length of both the films: Breakdown clocks at a crisp 93 minutes. Vidaamuyarchi is 150 minutes. Make of that what you will. This film places itself in the highways, cafes and rest stops of Azerbaijan with Ajith’s Arjun living in Baku with his wife Kayal (Trisha). Their relationship is 12 years old, and we get some quick flashbacks, choppily written, to establish history. Magizh wants to present an adult relationship, something his mentor Gautham Vasudev Menon managed to do in Yennai Arindhaal with the same actors. It works to an extent in the present-day portions when the relationship is crumbling, they deal with slow erosion like mature individuals. But in the flashback, it is unwieldy. The dialogues don’t pop the way adult romantic lines should; it is edited to be concise, but the pattern is shoddy, the cadence is off, and it is clear that the actors are working with mediocre material.

Commit message:

Score is now a slice called scores

content/reviews/vidaamuyarchi-2.md, after:

+++
critics = ["Aditya Shrikrishna"]
date = 2025-02-07T08:52:09+05:30
draft = false
img = "vidaamuyarchi-2.png"
media = "print"
mreviews = ["Vidaamuyarchi"]
opening = "Vidaamuyarchi is a genre film: a road action thriller where the thrills need to be earned. And it does a commendable job of establishing terrain as well as characters."
publication = "OTTplay"
scores = [5]
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/vidaamuyarchi-ajith-trisha-thriller-doesnt-fully-commit-to-its-genre/deb998e80b636"
subtitle = "Ajith-Trisha Thriller Doesn’t Fully Commit To Its Genre"
title = "Vidaamuyarchi"
+++

Magizh Thirumeni’s Vidaamuyarchi, starring Ajith Kumar, Trisha Krishnan, Arjun Sarja and Regina Cassandra, adapts from Jonathan Mostow’s 1997 film Breakdown. The premise and several plot events are similar, but Magizh’s additions and adornments do stand out as one would expect in an Indian version with a huge star in the lead. Just look at the length of both the films: Breakdown clocks at a crisp 93 minutes. Vidaamuyarchi is 150 minutes. Make of that what you will. This film places itself in the highways, cafes and rest stops of Azerbaijan with Ajith’s Arjun living in Baku with his wife Kayal (Trisha). Their relationship is 12 years old, and we get some quick flashbacks, choppily written, to establish history. Magizh wants to present an adult relationship, something his mentor Gautham Vasudev Menon managed to do in Yennai Arindhaal with the same actors. It works to an extent in the present-day portions when the relationship is crumbling, they deal with slow erosion like mature individuals. But in the flashback, it is unwieldy. The dialogues don’t pop the way adult romantic lines should; it is edited to be concise, but the pattern is shoddy, the cadence is off, and it is clear that the actors are working with mediocre material.
