content/reviews/weapons-6.md, before:

+++
title = "Weapons"
date = 2025-08-14T21:18:56+05:30
draft = false
mreviews = ["Weapons"]
critics = ['Rahul Desai']
publication = 'OTT Play'
subtitle = "The Adolescence Of Horror"
opening = "Zach Cregger's Weapons appeals to our inherent quest for answers — for an endgame — from a horror film, and delights in the journey rather than the destination."
img = 'weapons-6.png'
media = 'print'
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/weapons-the-adolescence-of-horror/91d0cd8ba9458"
score = 8
+++

Weapons opens and closes with a kid’s voiceover, but the anonymity of this narrator kind of ties into the film’s thematic fluidity. As viewers, we are simply wired to look for social cues, for hints and allegories. Weapons knows this and toys with our instincts. The meaning — or lack of it — lies in the eyes of the beholder. The horror in the film becomes anything we want it to be. For some, it could be a self-aware take on community trauma and urban isolation. For some, it could be a nifty riff on our biases about witchcraft and creepy relatives. For some, it could be a naughty satire on our perception of true-crime and supernatural stories. For some, it’s the wicked title, where the emotional ‘weaponisation’ of an entire town on edge prevents them from looking in the most obvious places. The twist — of a fragile outsider arriving to cast a voodoo over victims and turn them into literal weapons — is an entertaining rendition of this simple idea.

Commit message:

Score is now a slice called scores

content/reviews/weapons-6.md, after:

+++
critics = ["Rahul Desai"]
date = 2025-08-14T21:18:56+05:30
draft = false
img = "weapons-6.png"
media = "print"
mreviews = ["Weapons"]
opening = "Zach Cregger's Weapons appeals to our inherent quest for answers — for an endgame — from a horror film, and delights in the journey rather than the destination."
publication = "OTT Play"
scores = [8]
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/weapons-the-adolescence-of-horror/91d0cd8ba9458"
subtitle = "The Adolescence Of Horror"
title = "Weapons"
+++

Weapons opens and closes with a kid’s voiceover, but the anonymity of this narrator kind of ties into the film’s thematic fluidity. As viewers, we are simply wired to look for social cues, for hints and allegories. Weapons knows this and toys with our instincts. The meaning — or lack of it — lies in the eyes of the beholder. The horror in the film becomes anything we want it to be. For some, it could be a self-aware take on community trauma and urban isolation. For some, it could be a nifty riff on our biases about witchcraft and creepy relatives. For some, it could be a naughty satire on our perception of true-crime and supernatural stories. For some, it’s the wicked title, where the emotional ‘weaponisation’ of an entire town on edge prevents them from looking in the most obvious places. The twist — of a fragile outsider arriving to cast a voodoo over victims and turn them into literal weapons — is an entertaining rendition of this simple idea.
