content/reviews/with-love.md, before:

+++
title = "With Love"
date = 2026-02-08T10:11:35+05:30
draft = false
mreviews = ["With Love"]
critics = ['Aditya Shrikrishna']
publication = 'OTT Play'
subtitle = "Can't Quite Balance The Rom & The Com"
opening = "Madhan's debut is an earnest, adult take on arranged-marriage romance, undone by frenetic editing, an incessant score, and a screenplay that treats love like set-piece action."
img = 'with-love.png'
media = 'print'
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/with-love-madhan-anaswara-rajan-abishan-jeevinth-film-does-not-quite-balance-rom-and-com/30a60590dd0"
score = 5.5
+++

IN Madhan's directorial debut, With Love, Monisha (Anaswara Rajan) and Sathya (Abishan Jeevinth) meet on the arranged marriage circuit. Sathya is a designer, and Monisha is an influencer with over a million Instagram followers. If there is anything particularly modern about this film, it is that Monisha asks about his “boring” design job. While her job is indeed one with the times — monetising social media — design apparently is already boring. It is a harmless word, but, wonder what choicest descriptors she would have used for the more common arranged marriage qualifications in the Tamil family circuit: engineering. Not pretty, one imagines. Having said that, we don’t get films that skirt the arranged marriage route often in Tamil cinema, at least in recent times. While the practice would have been a more common fixture on screen four decades ago or so (think 1986’s Mouna Ragam), the more famous contemporary (using the word loosely) examples include Dum Dum Dum (2001), Parthiban Kanavu (2003) and a few more. All those films begin with conflict, either the couple actively hating each other or the idea itself abhorrent to one of them (usually the hero, the man).

Commit message:

Score is now a slice called scores

content/reviews/with-love.md, after:

+++
critics = ["Aditya Shrikrishna"]
date = 2026-02-08T10:11:35+05:30
draft = false
img = "with-love.png"
media = "print"
mreviews = ["With Love"]
opening = "Madhan's debut is an earnest, adult take on arranged-marriage romance, undone by frenetic editing, an incessant score, and a screenplay that treats love like set-piece action."
publication = "OTT Play"
scores = [5.5]
source = "https://www.ottplay.com/features/with-love-madhan-anaswara-rajan-abishan-jeevinth-film-does-not-quite-balance-rom-and-com/30a60590dd0"
subtitle = "Can't Quite Balance The Rom & The Com"
title = "With Love"
+++

IN Madhan's directorial debut, With Love, Monisha (Anaswara Rajan) and Sathya (Abishan Jeevinth) meet on the arranged marriage circuit. Sathya is a designer, and Monisha is an influencer with over a million Instagram followers. If there is anything particularly modern about this film, it is that Monisha asks about his “boring” design job. While her job is indeed one with the times — monetising social media — design apparently is already boring. It is a harmless word, but, wonder what choicest descriptors she would have used for the more common arranged marriage qualifications in the Tamil family circuit: engineering. Not pretty, one imagines. Having said that, we don’t get films that skirt the arranged marriage route often in Tamil cinema, at least in recent times. While the practice would have been a more common fixture on screen four decades ago or so (think 1986’s Mouna Ragam), the more famous contemporary (using the word loosely) examples include Dum Dum Dum (2001), Parthiban Kanavu (2003) and a few more. All those films begin with conflict, either the couple actively hating each other or the idea itself abhorrent to one of them (usually the hero, the man).
