content/reviews/zindaginama.md, before:

+++
title = 'Zindaginama'
date = 2024-10-14T00:16:05+05:30
draft = false
mreviews = ['Zindaginama']
critics = ['Shubhra Gupta']
subtitle = 'A timely limited series'
opening = 'Not all six are equal in depth and complexity, but it doesn’t stop us from acknowledging the importance of these kinds of stories, which go a long way in keeping informed conversations around mental health in play.'
img = 'zindaginama.webp'
media = 'print'
source = 'https://indianexpress.com/article/entertainment/web-series/zindaginama-review-a-timely-limited-series-9615516/'
score = 6
+++

Zindaginama tackles a set of mental health issues through six episodes, targeting a different one each time. What happens when a human begins believing in an alt reality? Purple Duniya’s protagonist, a terrific Tanmay Dhanania, sets out ostensibly to go to work, like regular folks do. But that’s all a sham. His total focus lies in the game he plays obsessively, constantly, forgetting to eat or drink. Or communicate with his sister. Therapy can help, but to what extent? And who wins finally, man or machine? Sahaan Hattangadi writes, and co-directs with Danny Mamik.

Unresolved post-traumatic stress disorder, or PTSD, can cause serious problems. A young girl, having been mute witness to her mother’s misery, grows up into a woman who has difficulties with intimacy. In Bhanwar, written by Venkatesh A V and directed by Aditya Sarpotdar, Shweta Basu Prasad is effective as the young woman who comes to recognise where it all comes from, with some help from an understanding therapist.

Commit message:

Score is now a slice called scores

content/reviews/zindaginama.md, after:

+++
critics = ["Shubhra Gupta"]
date = 2024-10-14T00:16:05+05:30
draft = false
img = "zindaginama.webp"
media = "print"
mreviews = ["Zindaginama"]
opening = "Not all six are equal in depth and complexity, but it doesn’t stop us from acknowledging the importance of these kinds of stories, which go a long way in keeping informed conversations around mental health in play."
scores = [6]
source = "https://indianexpress.com/article/entertainment/web-series/zindaginama-review-a-timely-limited-series-9615516/"
subtitle = "A timely limited series"
title = "Zindaginama"
+++

Zindaginama tackles a set of mental health issues through six episodes, targeting a different one each time. What happens when a human begins believing in an alt reality? Purple Duniya’s protagonist, a terrific Tanmay Dhanania, sets out ostensibly to go to work, like regular folks do. But that’s all a sham. His total focus lies in the game he plays obsessively, constantly, forgetting to eat or drink. Or communicate with his sister. Therapy can help, but to what extent? And who wins finally, man or machine? Sahaan Hattangadi writes, and co-directs with Danny Mamik.

Unresolved post-traumatic stress disorder, or PTSD, can cause serious problems. A young girl, having been mute witness to her mother’s misery, grows up into a woman who has difficulties with intimacy. In Bhanwar, written by Venkatesh A V and directed by Aditya Sarpotdar, Shweta Basu Prasad is effective as the young woman who comes to recognise where it all comes from, with some help from an understanding therapist.
